Speaker A: I just looked at the picture.

Speaker B: It is a pretty picture though, isn't it? Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so what we're going to do is we're going to do your full biopsychosocial assessment. Okay?

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: New patient.

Speaker B: There we go.

Speaker B: So the biopsychosocial is a butt ton of questions. Okay? It's a whole lot of information. From that we develop what we call your problem list. Your problem list is the start of your treatment plan. Treatment plan is a fancy way of saying your goals and how you're going to accomplish them. Like, I got this problem. This is what I want to happen. This is what I'm going to do. Try to make it happen. And then you just kind of keep revisiting it. I explain, treatment plan is like if your treatment is a horse on a horse track, your treatment plan is a camera that follows it around. Snapshot of what you're doing.

Speaker B: Okay? We want that one and we want this one.

Speaker B: Ta da. Okay.

Speaker B: So let's start over here.

Speaker B: I thought I had that pulled up. Let's start right there. Okay. And if you have any questions, like, in the middle, just blurred them out. I'm real, I'm not.

Speaker B: We're just laid back. We're just very laid back.

Speaker B: Okay, so first question on the biopsychosocial is the presenting problem. Why now? What is it about now that made you say, all right, I gotta go to treatment, I gotta go to Sauna Lake?

Speaker A: Because like, five years ago, I had stage two fibrosis. I found out, and I just kind of kept drinking. And I have three girls and I. I just want to be around. You know what I mean? I don't want to fucking die because of something stupid like that.

Speaker B: Was there anything. Is it. Has it just been building up since then? Or was there one thing that was like the straw that broke the camel's back?

Speaker A: The straw that broke the camel's back. As I found a job that I really liked, and, I mean, I just really wanted to do my best. And having three girls and trying to find a job that works with my schedule is so hard, you know, and. But I just. I would get stressed out. And then, you know, like, I work three days a week, and then by, like Tuesday, I would start drinking heavily, and then I would start feeling like. And then, I mean, I wasn't in the beginning, but towards it just. I just woke up one morning, I was feeling, like, complete, and I was just like, I can't do this anymore. I told my husband, I'm like, I gotta do something or I'm gonna die. Like, I can't do this myself.

Speaker B: I'm glad you're here.

Speaker B: I always tell people, if you allow yourself to melt into the support that you're going to get.

Speaker B: Not just from Sauna Lake, but from all the members, it's unconditional and you're going to be successful. It's not easy.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Keep it as simple as you can.

Speaker B: And recognize it's going to be uncomfortable and hard, but it's worth it. Yeah, you're worth it.

Speaker A: Yeah. I'm not like, super upset about being here or anything. I was kind of, you know, I mean, like, my anxiety is up. I don't really, you know, the other members, some of them kind of really get under my skin, you know what I mean? And I'm just trying to deal with that.

Speaker B: That's. That's in recovery. That's when we say, God, grant me this serenity to accept the person that change, the courage to change the one. I can. In the wisdom. No, it's me.

Speaker A: I'm like girl walking around with high heels. Click, click, click, click.

Speaker B: Well, then once you go down. Once you go down the hill, which probably should be pretty soon, I would assume.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yes.

Speaker B: It's gonna be a little bit different. There's gonna be a lot more interaction. There's probably. There's gonna be quite a few people that you're like. But there's gonna be more people, too, that are going to be. Yeah.

Speaker A: Justin was telling me last night that's like, you know, usually people are, like, judging because of, like, what substance a person is on, but when you're here, it's like, that's not a thing. And you're kind of just irked about their actual personality.

Speaker B: Well. But also you're going through withdrawals.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm extremely, kind of irritable.

Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker A: I'm usually not this.

Speaker B: And that's completely normal. Completely normal. So here's where you practice giving yourself some grace. Not being so hard on yourself for being. You're allowed to be a big fat jerk on the inside as long as you're not a big fat jerk on the outside.

Speaker A: I'm being nice. I'm doing the.

Speaker B: Completely, completely acceptable. Okay. So they did. They did a suicide risk screening when you first came in and you didn't have any history. Is that. That's still the case. No thoughts of suicide? No thoughts.

Speaker A: Oh, I just want to be better.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker B: What I'm gonna do, because I'm filling out this re screen so it says that you're Low risk. I'm gonna have you sign this with the mouse if you don't mind, or whatever's easiest.

Speaker B: But this just says that you're low risk. So if you want to do mouse for here, whatever's easiest for you.

Speaker A: Okay, let's see if I can try.

Speaker B: Yeah, it's not very easy.

Speaker A: Oh, I. I just accomplished it one time. Yeah. Out of like the 20 times the other night. This one is terrible.

Speaker B: Be so much better if we got touchscreen computers, wouldn't it?

Speaker A: Yeah. And I'm left handed, and that just looks like a mountain.

Speaker B: Just clear. Doctor.

Speaker B: Oh, my God.

Speaker A: Sorry.

Speaker B: That's okay.

Speaker A: I should have just pushed the button.

Speaker B: It's awesome. It's awesome.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: All right. See now I've been having coffee. Getting flush now.

Speaker A: Man. Maybe I should drink some coffee. Man, that warmed me up a little bit.

Speaker B: That's why I don't. I don't drink coffee in the summer because it gives me a sweat mustache. My inside's warm, but.

Speaker A: Yeah, I always get sweated above my eyelids.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah?

Speaker A: Yeah. Or like when I'm eating something hot, it. It makes sweat, like.

Speaker B: Yeah, mine's always right here.

Speaker B: Okay, so your goals, Your goals for treatment?

Speaker A: Well, what I plan on. I really want to lose a little bit of weight. Is this what we're talking about? Are we talking for.

Speaker B: Just for treatment? When you come. You. You decided to come to treatment. What are your goals? What do you hope to accomplish while you're here?

Speaker A: Well, I. What I really want to accomplish is.

Speaker A: Figure, you know, I want to get on a good schedule, be more active. I really want to, like.

Speaker A: Hone in on the meditation and get some stuff from that to take with me. You know, I've tried, and it's just so hard, you know, like, because I haven't had any instructions.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like that.

Speaker A: I really just wanna.

Speaker A: I really just want to get my mind right. You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Overall wellness sounds like.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's overall wellness and, you know, mind, body and spirit, all the things.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know, try and get them all evened out as much as I can while I'm here.

Speaker B: And. And then you'll step over into our outpatient, which is where I usually am, do that whole continuum of care and slowly do less and less treatment as you build up your recovery outside of treatment.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. My biggest fear is, you know, I don't want to lose any motivation. I need.

Speaker A: You know what I mean? I need to. I guess my biggest goal here is to find.

Speaker A: Find how I can be the most motivated what motivates me the most, I guess. You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Okay. And so that. That's something that we can look at for, like a treatment plan. Like, let's come up with some things. I'm gonna write that down over here.

Speaker B: So we don't think. Okay. So your substance use, how old were you the first time you drank alcohol?

Speaker B: 14.

Speaker A: Okay, then like that.

Speaker B: Tell me what your pattern's been.

Speaker A: Well, okay. I would generally sneak cigarettes and alcohol, you know, until I was about 15. Then my mom started buying me cigarettes and I. And I didn't really, you know, keep drinking alcohol. But then whenever I hit my sophomore year, freshman year, I started hitting the bottle pretty hard, and somehow I was a straight A student.

Speaker B: So you were 15?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I made it through. And tell my senior year.

Speaker B: How often were you drinking when you were in high school?

Speaker A: Every weekend. And then. And. And then to my, I guess junior year started creeping up into weekdays.

Speaker B: Okay. Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah, it was getting pretty hard. And by my senior year, I was starting to skip school. And then I met a guy who I had no idea what heroin was, and I got with him. And then I quit drinking because I was doing every drug under the sun for two years, like, every day if I could.

Speaker B: Okay. So. So. And we're going to. I'm going to go down the list too. So alcohol, the last time you drank was when?

Speaker A: Oh, it's since I. The diet before I came in here.

Speaker B: So November 27th?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Thanksgiving.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I was pretty drunk. Yeah. And then.

Speaker B: So most recently you've been drinking daily?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: How long have you been drinking daily?

Speaker A: Oh, 10 years.

Speaker B: Okay. How much? Up to how much?

Speaker A: I say my max, like when I was at my worst would be two slides, like 20 honey turkeys and a six pack of Budweiser.

Speaker B: Okay. And then marijuana. How old were you the first time used marijuana?

Speaker A: 13.

Speaker B: And then what's that pattern been like?

Speaker A: I. I'm a habitual smoker.

Speaker B: So. Every day?

Speaker A: Yeah, every day.

Speaker B: The number one withdrawal symptom from marijuana is irritability.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: How much were you smoking a day?

Speaker A: I kind of just smoked all day. I kind of always just had my pipe. And when I was cleaning, doing art or whatever, I would just, you know, take a couple tokes here and there. You know, I put. If I was to measure it up, I'd say I think I told the lay about eight bowls probably. Okay. And then, you know, my tolerance was so high, I was starting to eat like, like 500 milligram edibles and, like, that too. Just so I could.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Even feel it.

Speaker B: So when was the last time you used marijuana?

Speaker A: Night before I came or. No, the day I came.

Speaker B: So the 28th of November.

Speaker A: Yeah, I popped one on my way in.

Speaker B: Okay. And you said you have a history of heroin use?

Speaker A: Way back in.

Speaker B: How old were the first time you used heroin?

Speaker A: 18.

Speaker B: How did you use it when you were using?

Speaker A: I was a needle gypsy.

Speaker B: You iv. And you said you used it for two years?

Speaker A: Yeah, around two years.

Speaker B: So the last time you used it was when you were 20?

Speaker A: No, that could. Well, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then do you know how much you would use back then?

Speaker A: I couldn't get over a tenth at a time.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But we. I mean, we were the ones, you know, going to the store, stealing, getting money, going to the city, at least every other day of schooltime.

Speaker B: Job.

Speaker A: Yeah, it was definitely a full.

Speaker B: People work so hard at staying sick, don't they?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah, it was scary.

Speaker B: What else were you using during that time?

Speaker A: Meth. How did you.

Speaker B: How did you use the meth?

Speaker A: Normally I would just smoke the meth, but I did shoot it a couple. Well, one time, my boyfriend. Freaking. I was on a Xanax bender. He was sick of me sleeping and he shot me up in my sleep.

Speaker B: Oh, my goodness.

Speaker A: Yeah, that was crazy.

Speaker B: But that's assault.

Speaker A: Yeah, mostly I.

Speaker A: Mostly I foil. Foiled it.

Speaker B: Okay, and then last time you used meth?

Speaker A: Around the same. I quit doing all the drugs around the same time.

Speaker B: Okay. And then, so Xanax was how old when you first use Xanax?

Speaker A: 18.

Speaker B: And then. So that was the two years as well?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: So what did that. Let me go back. The meth were using that every day?

Speaker A: No, we didn't find meth as often. If we didn't do heroin, we would try to go find meth.

Speaker B: Okay, so that was what, once every. Once every once a week? Twice a week, Once, twice a month?

Speaker A: Maybe a couple times a month.

Speaker B: Okay. And then Xanax, you were how old when you first. 18. And then what was that pattern?

Speaker A: Like, that wasn't really. It wasn't as easy for me to get a hold of Xanax, but whenever I did get it, I would definitely eat like a whole ton of them and sleep for days, you know? Okay, so.

Speaker B: Anything. What other substances that we need to.

Speaker A: Mention, whenever that bliss stuff came out, do you remember, like the plant food, the bath salts?

Speaker B: How long ago was that?

Speaker A: That was around the same time.

Speaker B: Yeah, 18 to 20.

Speaker A: Yeah. And I shot up. I shot those up.

Speaker B: Have you used anything other than alcohol or marijuana since you were 20?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: No. Okay. Not that. That's not enough.

Speaker B: Okay, so look, now we're gonna switch gears. Talk about your family of origin.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: How would you describe your family?

Speaker A: Narcissistic. Very.

Speaker A: What do you call that? Conservative.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Strictly Catholic.

Speaker A: On my dad's side.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: My mom's side. My grandma had 17 kids, and they all just moved around every. Well, she got pregnant 22, 23 times. But anyways, I didn't. My mom's. Whenever I was little, my mom and dad were like. My dad was drinking all the time. My mom and him were always fighting, and they decided to break up. And my grandpa took me when I was 4, so he wouldn't really let me be around my mom's side of the family because a lot of them were, you know, drug users and just generally not very good people.

Speaker B: So your mom and dad both have substance use?

Speaker A: Yeah, my mom did coke and shit like that when she lived in Greece when she was her husband before my dad. Yes. When she was in the Navy. He was in the Navy. She would, like, go bowling for coke and like that, you know, and all that.

Speaker B: Mental health for mom and dad struggles.

Speaker A: Yeah, my mom struggles a lot with a lot of things.

Speaker B: Do you have a relationship with them now?

Speaker A: Building a relationship with my mom, it's. It's really been taken a lot because her personality drives me crazy.

Speaker B: She's still actively using substances?

Speaker A: No, she. She quit using before I was even born.

Speaker B: Okay. Does she. Does she. Did you sign a release of information for her? Is she.

Speaker B: Your emergency contact person?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay. Who is your emergency contact person?

Speaker A: My grandpa and my husband.

Speaker B: Okay. If you would like to sign a release of information for her, we have a family program. Allison is the outreach person, and she can reach out to anybody that you want her to reach out to. So if you decide you want her to reach out to your mom at all, we just gotta sign a release of information. She'll probably reach out to your grandpa and your husband just to say, hey, we want to make sure you know what we offer the loved ones.

Speaker B: Answer questions, give them information, and then they can share that with your mom, too, if you wanted to. And then we don't have to have an ROI for your mom to call Alison. You know what I mean? But we have to have an ROI if we're calling her.

Speaker A: I'm kind of confused about it. You mean, like, if.

Speaker A: Like, there was something going on with me or something and you guys were wanting to contact somebody so your Emergency.

Speaker B: Contact is your husband and your grandpa, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So if you were to fall down the stairs and have to go to the hospital.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You call them.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: With HIPAA.

Speaker B: Protects your. Your protected health information.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then with substance use, HIPAA has an extra layer of support called 42 CFR Part 2, where we can't confirm or deny you're even connected that written release. So if mom calls here.

Speaker B: And asks about you, we can't confirm or deny if you're connected to us at all. Oh, so we can't call and say, hey, mom, we know Mary's here, so we want to make sure Mary's loved ones know of our New dawn program unless we have the release of information.

Speaker A: Well, yeah, that's fine. I'm sure that would probably make her feel happy anyway.

Speaker B: Okay. Don't let me forget. We're going to get that signed when we're done. You can practice this again.

Speaker B: Okay. So you were. You were raised by Grandpa then? From four on?

Speaker A: Grandma, Grandpa, yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: Do you have siblings?

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm the only one that came from my mom and dad, but I got a lot of half and step.

Speaker B: Like on half on mom, dad's side? Both.

Speaker A: Yeah. My half. Yeah, my half and half and step on my dad's side. And half and. Yeah, and half is up.

Speaker B: How many half siblings do you have?

Speaker A: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Are there any that you're close to that you were raised with or have relationship with?

Speaker A: Whenever I was a lot littleer and I would go get to go visit my mom. I. I really love my brother, Indy.

Speaker B: Indy?

Speaker A: Yeah. Indiana.

Speaker B: How old is he?

Speaker A: He. I think he's, like, creeping up on 40 now.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So you did get to spend a little bit of time with him growing up?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But the others. Not really. No. Okay. And where were you raised? What area?

Speaker A: Sullivan.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: That's Sullivan, Missouri, for the computer.

Speaker B: So growing up, how'd your family get along or relate to one another?

Speaker A: You mean like. Like in my household, like my grandparents and stuff?

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: My grandma was schizophrenic. She didn't really want to be a grandma. At the age of 40. She had a lot of mental issues herself.

Speaker A: So it was kind of hard for her to take me in because she just got done raising five kids and she just felt like she was done. But my grandpa wasn't having it.

Speaker B: And these are your dad's?

Speaker A: My dad's.

Speaker B: Your dad's parents?

Speaker A: Yeah. And.

Speaker A: So he mostly took care of me, like, you know, all the normal stuff. Get me up, get me back, get me ready for school, you know, and everything.

Speaker B: And.

Speaker A: I went to regular Catholic school and kindergarten, but then.

Speaker A: My aunt lived with us, too. She was still in the house, and she really didn't want me to be there. She was eight years older than me.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: She was kind of, you know, like, jealous and, like, pissed because she was the last one.

Speaker B: She wasn't a baby anymore.

Speaker A: Yeah. And she was very mean to me. Like, very freaking mean to me. But. And it was always, like, my grandma always felt sorry for her because, I don't know.

Speaker A: My grandma was always nervous about my mom. Never trusted her. I was my mother's child. So it was always like this thing.

Speaker B: Where may have been some resentment or something there.

Speaker A: Yeah, resentment or paranoia.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And then also fear because they didn't want me to turn out like my mom, which, honestly, mom really didn't turn out that bad.

Speaker B: And so you said you're building a relationship with your mom. What about with your dad? No.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay. He.

Speaker A: He always had to sneak around to even talk to me. His. My stepmom's extremely jealous, and she was just like, you know, me or her, that's the end. And dad just kind of started building his family. And every once in a while, he would come and sneak to see me. And then, like, after I had kids, he did that for a couple. He did that a couple of times because he a foreman in the ibew and they're building, like, high lines close to my house in Steelville. So he randomly started popping up and seeing me, but just disappeared again, you know?

Speaker B: Like, is there anybody in your family you feel closest to?

Speaker A: My grandpa is my very best friend. But honestly, my aunt, you know, she's gone through a lot of therapy and stuff like that, and she is, like, one of my biggest. She's like my big sister now.

Speaker B: So now that you both have grown up a little bit. Yeah, she's okay. Well, good.

Speaker A: Yeah. So that's pretty. Well, you know, she's learned. She's apologized to me so much for all the mental.

Speaker B: So we talked about mom and dad. Both have substance use and mental health in their history. Grandma schizophrenia on grandma, Dad's side. Any other family members with substance use or for mental health.

Speaker B: Including siblings?

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. My half brother Brian, he was really bad addicted to meth for a long time. He went through recovery. He's good now.

Speaker B: Oh, good. How much sober time does he have?

Speaker A: Few years, at least. Good for him. Yeah.

Speaker A: Let's see. Only my dad, my sister Veronica, my little sister My dad and stepmom's daughter, she's. She's got it pretty bad right now all around. I think she might be some kind of schizophrenic. And she's got substance abuse problems, drinking, just like me. And that's another thing. A lot of people, in my dad's eyes, family drink, but they're not like alcoholics. They're just casual drinks. They're Catholic.

Speaker B: They're able. They're able to not let it control their lives.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Those jerks.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Well, here's. Here's the cool thing, is that through Santa Lake, and. And you're gonna. It's a. It's like a family.

Speaker B: So it's gonna be. If you're not in a safe enough place with your recovery to hang out with your family, you got this family to hang out with where, you know it's gonna be sober.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: We have events every weekend. We call you guys members. So when I first started five years ago, I heard members for life, and I was like, oh, that's cute. We really mean it. You know, every weekend, events. This weekend, it's an ugly sweater, something. And then next weekend, they're going to the zoo to. For, like, the lights.

Speaker A: Oh, I heard about that.

Speaker B: They had friends giving. They're having members making music. Oh, really?

Speaker A: I love music. I'm gonna have my husband bring my guitar.

Speaker B: Perfect. Yeah, they've had. They have little talent shows sometimes they had. They're having New Year's rock and bingo. Bingo every weekend. And it's always free. And most always, it's family. The. The zoo, they only have a limited number of tickets.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So that's just members only. But, you know, and they always, like I said, have food, and they do a coin ceremony celebrating people's milestones. We have a Facebook group, private Facebook group that has like 2100 people on it right now. It's just another avenue of support. They post pictures from the. Or videos from the member for life events. People just post, hey, I have 324 days sober. And I was like, yeah. So maybe my post, I have four days sober and was like, yay.

Speaker A: You know, that's awesome.

Speaker B: It's really. It's really.

Speaker A: Because that's what I really need, because I just. I don't have anybody.

Speaker B: Community.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: They. They say the opposite of addiction is connection.

Speaker A: And that's why I really been learning. You know, I've been yearning for a, Like, a healthy, positive, like, from the beginning, not having to build it.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Connection.

Speaker B: Have you ever been to Treatment before.

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Okay. So I'll tell you, there's just something magical that happens when you allow yourself to be vulnerable around other people who are being vulnerable. You're going to make connections with people here that you. I've had. I've had more than one per. I've worked in the field for 24 years, so a lot of people have said. I. I remember one lady distinctly not very long ago, said I never knew I could have relationships like that. Throughout her whole life, never felt close. Close to somebody in that same way.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: It's just unconditional care and support. It's pretty. It's just pretty special. Recovery is pretty freaking special.

Speaker A: I'm excited about it.

Speaker B: Okay. We better keep. We gotta keep truck in here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: There's a lot of questions. We're right. We're right here right now.

Speaker B: I can sit and chat all day long.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Hence why it's a struggle for me to have see people in only two days.

Speaker B: Okay. So current your. Your husband, Right. How long you been married to him? 4.

Speaker A: He's got 14 years.

Speaker B: And what's his first name? Aaron. Aaron. What do you and Aaron like to do together?

Speaker A: Drink beer.

Speaker B: Does he have an issue with alcohol?

Speaker A: Not nearly as bad as I do.

Speaker B: Is he going to be able to. Is he stopping drinking?

Speaker A: He's. While I'm in here, he is doing his like, thing, you know, like slowing down. He really doesn't drink a whole lot. He'll go get like one of those fucking nasty tomato chiladas and drink one of those at the end of the night and like a beer or whatever.

Speaker B: Is it going to be a struggle for him not to drink?

Speaker A: I've already talked to not have alcohol in the house. I told him last night. I was like, that's the number one thing. Like, I cannot be around it. You can't drink around me. It can't be in the house. He's like, I promise, babe.

Speaker B: Good. I hope he can follow through with it. Just know that if he can't and you. We have recovery supportive housing, even if you need it for temp, you know, temporarily, as you really build your recovery.

Speaker A: Yeah, because I. I was kind of crying about that last night to Justin. I was like, I don't. I'm really scared, you know, of like. I'm just scared to go back.

Speaker B: And you should be, because addiction is powerful. Right. And if you're scared, then you're gonna do the things you need to do.

Speaker A: And I already told my husband, you know, if I have to do it longer Then I'm gonna do it longer. I told him that. Good. He's taking care of my three girls right now. And that's a lot for him. But he's. He's like completely 100 supportive. He's seen me just sick for so long, you know.

Speaker B: Good. Not good. Good. That you were saying? But yeah, you, you can. You have a little bit of peace of mind to be able to take care of yourself.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, so who else would you include in the most important people in your life? Grandpa. We know. What do you and grandpa like to do together?

Speaker A: We just talk about stuff. I'll just come over and visit and tell him about my week or we'll talk about things from childhood. You know, it's just always nice and pleasant to be around him. He's just like a big ball of positive energy. Even if he's grumpy old grandpa that day, you know, he's still my best friend. He's the one that freaking saved me, you know, he's the one that took me away from that terrible.

Speaker A: For my mom and dad, you know, he's like, nope, you're not gonna damage her with your games. He's know like, good.

Speaker B: Who, who else your kids, I'm assuming would go in this most important people in your life?

Speaker A: My kids.

Speaker B: What are their first names and ages? First.

Speaker A: Okay, we got Amberlynn Nicole and she's 13. Then we have Chloe Jane and she's turning 11 on the 23rd. And then we got Starene Nova Marie, who is. She's turning 10 and in.

Speaker A: Sorry. March.

Speaker B: Well, if you don't. If you don't mind cursing. They're invited. You know, they. They did family movie night where they just put out mats and every pajama wear their pajamas and. Yeah, this last time it was Jurassic park or you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, I really don't give a.

Speaker B: They invite them. Invite them. They. There's kids there, you know.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I would like to do that. I want them to see the other side, you know, because I've been completely honest with them.

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: Because I'm scared for them, you know, I don't want them to go through, you know.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So whenever they see me sick or whatever, they know and they're going to.

Speaker B: Be able to see.

Speaker B: The people that you're connecting with. So on the Facebook page, if you ever. If you get on there and you start just trolling the crap out of it. Last year, earlier this year, maybe. So Liz is one of our peers. She has an 11 year old son, one of the member for life events was comedy night. And he got up on the stage with like, just like a little, you know, one of those little stages. And he had the camera or the camera, he had the microphone and he said, now I know you guys are expecting me to come up here and talk about a time when I was sober, but that didn't happen. I watched it like 16 times.

Speaker A: You know, my kids have an extremely funny sense of humor.

Speaker B: Yeah. So that they won't just, you know, they can participate. They had a. It was supposed to be a bonfire, but it rained, so they did it on inside, like a variety kind of show where people went up and sang or. Yeah, just fun stuff.

Speaker A: I've been wanting to do stuff like that with them, you know, and I just, you know, I'm nervous about people in my community, you know, because, you know, being an alcoholic, you know, every.

Speaker B: Year they do ice skating.

Speaker B: They've done a pool, you know, nighttime pool party. They've rented out the entire, like, the entire trampoline park. Yeah. So lots of family friendly stuff. Okay. What do you like to do with your girls?

Speaker A: We, like, we usually watch a lot of movies together. We'll, like, sit there and watch movies and, like, I'll be working on my crafts and they'll be working on their colorings or we like to go to, like, the duck park together in Steelville and we kind of drive around a little. We like to go to the grocery store together and they get me when I'm there.

Speaker B: Anybody else go in this box of the most important people in your life?

Speaker A: I have my best friend Katie and my Aunt Miranda. So I say that those are my. My rocks.

Speaker B: Do you do anything with them?

Speaker A: Katie and I, we. We started our own little craft business named Rosalie Crafts. And like, for a summer there, we were, like, going out and vending and making a little bit of money. I work on macrame. She does a lot of crochet and stuff like that. So she's like my. My art buddy. Plus, I met her whenever I was in the fifth grade. And we were good friends through school. And then it was weird because whenever we both started doing drugs, we went away from each other, you know, and then we didn't, like, see each other for years. And it's not like there was never anything wrong with them. One day I was working at the deli and there she was. And I'm like.

Speaker B: And she's clean and sober.

Speaker A: She smokes weed, but okay, that don't bother me.

Speaker B: Well, and if she understands, then she won't have a problem not smoking weed around you.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. And it ain't no big deal. Yeah. Because, I mean, well, usually when we hang out, we can't, like, go smoking weed in the parking lot at the farmers market anyways.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But it's been very nice even just being around her because she doesn't drink, you know, at all.

Speaker B: Good.

Speaker A: So, like, that. Even just being able to hang out with her and it's not like a drunken fest was just great, you know?

Speaker B: And you're satisfied with your relationship with your girls, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, I would. Well, I mean, I want it to be better on my end. I just. I want them to see me.

Speaker A: More stable, you know what I mean? So. Yeah, I mean, like, the alcohol makes me get angry. You know what I mean? And I'm not necessarily. I'm not angry at them, but I'll get into some bad moods when I'm like.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And I just don't think that's fair.

Speaker B: And you're not able to be present. 100 present.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And I'll, you know, I'll have conversations with them, and it. You know, they'll. We have good times together. But then the next morning, I'll wake up and they'll be like, mom, remember? And I'll be like, no.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And they're like, you had too many beers last night. I'm like, yeah, probably.

Speaker B: Do your girls have any substance use or mental health issues?

Speaker A: I'm afraid that my daughter Amberlynn might be. Might have bad anxiety.

Speaker A: She is kind of like a little recluse. She's 13 right now, though, too, so she's going through that.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But I'm a little bit worried about her anxiety.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But the other two, they're just.

Speaker B: A little an. Aaron.

Speaker A: Aaron.

Speaker B: We were talking about his substance use. Does he have mental health issues?

Speaker A: Yeah, he hasn't been diagnosed with anything, but his family's mental health issues. Go. They're very terrible.

Speaker B: Okay, so what kind of symptoms do you think he struggles with?

Speaker A: He struggles with, like, frustration.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: A lot. And. And it stems mostly from him feeling in superior, you know, like, because he was beaten and mistreated, so maybe some trauma. Yeah, he's got a lot of trauma going on. Plus, his dad was schizophrenic and his grandpa was schizo. So.

Speaker B: So this also is past partner. So anybody that you were with before Aaron that struggled with substance use or mental health?

Speaker A: Yeah, I lost.

Speaker A: I lost.

Speaker A: Jordan. He overdosed on fentanyl.

Speaker B: He was the one you were with from 18 to 20.

Speaker B: Did he pass away back then and that's why you quit, or.

Speaker B: Was it after that?

Speaker A: We had just. I had.

Speaker B: That's okay. You don't. You. And you know, you want. You know what? If you're not ready to be, we don't have to talk about it.

Speaker A: It's fine.

Speaker B: I don't have tissues, but I have.

Speaker A: Toilet paper just the same. He.

Speaker A: He was just really bad off, and I was trying to save myself. And I went back to my friends that I always drank with. I thought they were my support. And they ended up. They never liked him. They didn't want me to be around them.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: You know, and. Sure, I just went back with them because he was always cheating on me and stuff, you know, it wasn't. He was on drugs. You know, he wasn't. Yeah, but I saw that beautiful soul inside of him, you know, and. But I moved to Nebraska and he stayed and he tried calling me, and dude that I was staying with answered the phone. I don't know what he said. He said he. He would never tell me what he told him. But then he killed himself.

Speaker A: So he was trying to get a hold of me for something and he couldn't. And then he.

Speaker B: So you probably have some feelings of guilt, irrational feelings of guilt, because obviously that is. You have no power over that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: But it doesn't mean that the feelings don't bubble up. So I'm adding grief to your. Your problem list, too. Okay. Take a deep breath. Let me know when you're ready to move forward.

Speaker A: I'm ready.

Speaker B: Okay. Because we're gonna talk about cultural background. So you're Caucasian. Were you raised any specific religion?

Speaker A: Catholic.

Speaker B: Okay. Do you. You made a face with that. So do you still practice Catholicism?

Speaker A: No, I feel like I was.

Speaker A: Just. I hate Catholic.

Speaker B: Okay. Do you have any kind of religion you practice now or spirituality?

Speaker A: I tried. I try to work on, like. I read about, like, chakras, and.

Speaker A: I don't know, I'm trying to go down, like, I'll listen like Alan Watts, and.

Speaker A: I kind of like the mysterious.

Speaker A: I don't know, paranormal. Like, it's all a big mystery to me. And I'm just. I'm very intrigued.

Speaker B: So how do you think your spirituality will play into your recovery?

Speaker A: I really feel like that this is what I need in order to be at this higher energy vibration that I've been wanting to be at for so long, you know, Like, I totally believe in vibes, you know, and what you put out in the world. And. And I had. I always, like, with my fake vibes, I can make anybody happy, you know, But I just want to have that. That energy with me whenever I pass on. You know what I mean? Like, I want to have the right.

Speaker B: So you've heard of aa, right? Alcoholics Anonymous?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Have you ever done any kind of AA meetings before?

Speaker A: This is the first I've ever tried to do anything.

Speaker B: So they talk about God as we understand him. Yeah. A lot of people who had religion jam down their throats that word God scares people. Just know when you go to aa, it's God as you understand him.

Speaker A: It could be energy. I get that.

Speaker B: There's also what's called Dharma recovery, which is based on Buddhist principles, which isn't that like chakras a lot?

Speaker A: I would rather do something like that.

Speaker B: Yeah. AA is just abundant. Dharma is just kind. Still kind of new, but you might find it's like a lot of meditation. You might really like that.

Speaker A: Yeah. That's kind of what I'm really wanting to leave lead.

Speaker B: Give that a try.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Because I want to be able to.

Speaker A: Actually practice and focus, feel like I'm getting somewhere with it.

Speaker B: Yeah. And we have Moni, who's our wellness director here, and I know they do. And. And Mariah. They do a lot of meditation. Once you go down to the residential building, there's. Every morning they do like, stretching meditation kind of stuff.

Speaker A: I really feel like that that's going to be the best for me. I mean, my. My spirit's been leading me in that direction for so long, but the alcohol has been holding me back, especially physically.

Speaker B: Absolutely.

Speaker A: You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Do you celebrate, like, traditional US holidays, Christian holidays, like Christmas, Thanksgiving?

Speaker A: I do for my kids.

Speaker B: More about presents than it is. Than it is religion. Yeah.

Speaker A: I mean, and I explained to them, oh, get. You know, my husband, his therapy, which been helping him, is he started reading the Bible. So we have this.

Speaker A: That's kinda one.

Speaker B: Light mini lanterns. I like.

Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, we had a minute there where I was like, you know, don't be filling my kid's head with all this fear and all this, you know, you're really pissing me off, you know, and he's like. But I realized it was because of his fear. He. He feels so guilty of, you know, all, you know, his alcohol abuse and the things he's done in the past.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: You know, and that's his direction. But we finally got to the point now where we kind of got like a happy medium. Because I know there is a higher power. I just don't believe in organized religion.

Speaker B: Sure. So.

Speaker A: But we always try to make sure we have God first.

Speaker B: Yeah. And the girls know that. That there are different religions, different beliefs, so they can learn about this. They're. They're learning about what this is and they're learning about what your thought thoughts are. And then they.

Speaker A: Yeah. My nine year old to open up my chakra book and started reading it.

Speaker B: They can explore other things too.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That's cool that. That shows that you guys. You guys having different beliefs and still able to.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We just had to get over that little hump, but.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker B: Any other customs or traditions you practice or any other cultural identifiers we need.

Speaker A: To put in here?

Speaker A: I really wanted to just start doing my own rituals and stuff like that, but I never got around to it. So I guess really right now I don't. I don't. You know, we usually just go see family for Thanksgiving or traditional stuff. Yeah. Okay. Well, we did a.

Speaker A: My friend Colleen, who's an herbalist, she does like a spring.

Speaker B: What do they call that?

Speaker A: Solstice. A spring, like a solstice party and stuff like that. So we usually do like, you know, summer, spring.

Speaker B: Okay. Solstice, nature kind of stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. Gatherings.

Speaker B: One of those lanterns.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. And we'll just go out into the forest and, you know, hang out for a couple days.

Speaker B: No cultural barriers that'll interfere with your treatment recovery. Do you have any particular problems interacting with other people?

Speaker A: No. What do you mean?

Speaker B: Like just any. Any kind of issues that like. Do you have social anxiety? Do you not like to talk to people? Do you isolate.

Speaker A: I do kind of have a little bit of social. I'm okay. I have social anxiety, but it's only because.

Speaker A: Of people who want to just try to shove their. Down my throat.

Speaker B: Sure.

Speaker A: I cannot stand that.

Speaker B: Here's where coping skills come into play. God grant me serenity to accept the people. I can have change. Change one I can. Wisdom knows me right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Can't change what other people are doing, but we can change how we respond.

Speaker A: Yeah, I really.

Speaker B: So gender identity. Female.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Correct. Are you a she and you're a she her and you're heterosexual or are you bisexual?

Speaker A: Bisexual.

Speaker B: Bisexual. Okay. Any problems due to your sexual orientation or gender identity?

Speaker A: Not really, no. I mean, my husband had to kind of. I kind of broke that one on him after we were already married.

Speaker B: Well, bisexual doesn't mean not monogamous.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Any legal stuff? No.

Speaker A: Busted with weed when I was like eight.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: That's it? Yeah.

Speaker B: High school level of education you completed?

Speaker A: I didn't get to walk with my class, but I did go to summer school and get my diploma.

Speaker B: Okay, and then when you were growing up and going through school, what was that experience like?

Speaker A: Had a lot of social anxiety. I was the weird goth girl that sat and nobody talked to in the back besides, you know, I had a couple of friends that I would talk to only because I deemed them worthy enough. Honestly, I just. I was homeschooled for a long time and. And then whenever I ran away from my grandparents and moved in with my mom, she put me into.

Speaker B: How old were you when that happened?

Speaker A: I ran away when I was 10, and my mom lived pretty close, and I kind of navigated my way through the woods from my grandparents to her house. And then I didn't stay with her very long because we just did not click. But she sent me to public school, and I did really have a hard time until about my seventh grade year. Then I. I started like, kind of opening up a little bit more and made friends, but good. I am one of those people who. I will sit and just analyze everybody for a very long time.

Speaker B: You're an observer.

Speaker A: I'm a very big observer.

Speaker B: Do you have any future education goals?

Speaker A: You know what's really fucking hard for me to say is that.

Speaker A: After Jordan died, I signed up for college because I wanted to be a drug abuse counselor.

Speaker B: There's still time.

Speaker A: And then I had to move. I had to. I was doing online stuff. I didn't get to finish it.

Speaker B: Well, I can tell you, there's.

Speaker A: I didn't even hardly get to start it. I only got to go to a couple of classes.

Speaker B: But there are a ton of.

Speaker B: People.

Speaker B: There are a ton of people in that work here that have went through our program a bunch.

Speaker B: We're not charging and I'm not sure why.

Speaker B: Oh, there it is. There it is. Woohoo.

Speaker B: I got hot. Hot cheeks. So, okay, Employment. So you were working. You said part time. Is that still waiting for you or.

Speaker A: I mean, I could go back there at any time. Okay. The. They love me.

Speaker B: And what was that job?

Speaker A: I work in a meat processing plant.

Speaker B: Okay. How long did you work there?

Speaker A: About eight months.

Speaker B: Okay, and then before that? Because this has about like your five year history of employment.

Speaker A: No, I just. Oh, before that. Well.

Speaker A: Explain it. I was housewife for. Since Amberlynn was born in 2012. I was a housewife for most of that time. And then.

Speaker A: My buddy had opened up the dispensaries and down there in Sullivan, and so I ended up being like a delivery person. I would go up to the city and get all the. And you know, bring it back and put all the stuff in my inventory and everything like that. So I worked there doing that for a little bit, but he fired me because I found out he was actually ripping me off. I didn't realize that.

Speaker A: He told me he was going to pay me $18 an hour and I was only making $15 an hour and having to drive my truck and my gas up to the city to get all this. And I found out it was completely illegal, so that was done. So then right after that, my husband's were I used to work, Mary's Valley burned down, got struck by lightning, so he was out of a job. So I went to work and was a manager at Casey's in Steelville for about a year. And then once they rebuilt Mary's Valley, he went back there. I started doing crafts and stuff with my friends. Okay.

Speaker A: And then, then I got a job at Mary's Valley because they needed me for temporary fill in and then they just kind of kept me.

Speaker B: So. So is your plan to possibly go back to that or.

Speaker A: I really liked it, but they're all alcoholics.

Speaker B: Yep. Okay.

Speaker B: No military history, no trauma history.

Speaker A: Yeah, I've had a lot of going on that.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So without getting into details, can we do a quick list? Losing. Losing Jordan.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Any history of like sexual abuse, sexual assault?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: As a grown up, as a child. As. Both.

Speaker A: Both.

Speaker B: Both. Okay. Anything else you would identify as trauma in your life?

Speaker A: Just being like, I've been physically beaten.

Speaker B: It's like domestic violence.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker A: Abandonment. Like.

Speaker A: Whenever. After Jordan died, I tried to come back to my family and.

Speaker A: My aunt, my other aunt just tried to.

Speaker A: Drag my name into the dirt, you know.

Speaker A: Started all kinds of, well, substance use.

Speaker B: They don't understand.

Speaker B: Ignorance is a real thing.

Speaker A: Yeah, it is. And yeah, like whenever I was partying and stuff when I was a teenager, I had some things happen to me that, when I was drunk that shouldn't have happened.

Speaker B: Okay, well, and that's not something that we have to dive into. Yeah, we, we want you to have more stability in your recovery before you open your eyes to any of that stuff.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You know, so. Okay, so let's, let's switch gears. Talk about your hobbies. Leisure. What do you like to do for fun?

Speaker A: Oh, I love making hemp necklaces. That's one of my most favorite things. I have made so much money doing that, like thousands of dollars.

Speaker B: Nice.

Speaker A: I actually have six displays that if I Have five of them done, one of them still working on. Because. But the alcohol, you know, I.

Speaker A: Taking me. I can't do both, you know, because.

Speaker B: That'S the next question is how has your substance use or mental health impacted your leisure activity?

Speaker A: Be impacted it pretty bad. And like, my guitar, I miss playing it so much, but I'm like, embarrassed because the only time I would have the courage to break it out is whenever I'm drunk anymore. You know what I mean? Because that's the only time I have courage for anything.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: But usually. Oh, I liked gardening and herbs. I was learning about herbalism, which is really cool.

Speaker B: But when you're drinking, alcohol is the priority, huh?

Speaker A: Yeah, I just can't get anywhere. Like, I'm like. I'm what you call. What is it? A jack of all traits, but a master of none, you know? Like, I dabble in, like, everything. I'm very interested in stuff and like, my brain wants to learn more, you.

Speaker B: Know, until it comes time to drinking. Then.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's like, how is your substance.

Speaker B: Use or mental health impacted your social relationships?

Speaker A: Not too bad. I'm like, I'm not a mean drunk or anything like that. Like, people still like to be around me.

Speaker A: Some of my friends, they could just tell that I was really sick and it was pissing them off I was still drinking, you know, so they kind of just quit hanging out with me, me.

Speaker B: Because they don't understand. Why don't you just quit?

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like, well, you too, you.

Speaker B: Know, you finance your substance use with your family income, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, My husband works and that's really.

Speaker B: Any problems related to finances?

Speaker A: No. We are actually pretty lucky. We found a little piece of land, three acres. We got it with our tax money, moved our trailer out there, got it all set up so we have our own property.

Speaker B: Okay, good.

Speaker A: Our bills really aren't that expensive. We don't buy. Like, we watch DVDs. And like, we don't even have Internet.

Speaker B: You know what I mean?

Speaker A: Like, we. I. If we even. I don't even think we would have Internet if we didn't drink. You know, we're just.

Speaker B: We're just not your thing.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And so.

Speaker B: How many cigarettes do you smoke a day?

Speaker A: Usually about three fourths of a pack.

Speaker B: Okay. And you last smoked today, I'm assuming.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. And we already talked about.

Speaker A: I was thinking about putting my patch on this morning because it's so freaking cold out there.

Speaker B: It's pretty cold.

Speaker A: Then I thought I might wait until I get down there. And switch to the packages because I'm a little.

Speaker A: Right now. Yeah, one step at a time.

Speaker B: We already answered all that.

Speaker B: So tell me about what withdrawal symptoms you're experiencing today.

Speaker A: I'm just irritable. Like, I missing that warm, fuzzy, freaking feeling in my belly.

Speaker B: Some cravings?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Like, where would you put your cravings? On a 0 to 10 scale, 10.

Speaker A: Being the most right now, I would say I'm up there. I say about an eight.

Speaker B: Okay. Good thing you're in a safe, safe, sober place.

Speaker A: Yeah. Withdrawals, man.

Speaker B: The.

Speaker A: The shakes aren't as bad anymore, but.

Speaker B: They'Re still kind of hanging out.

Speaker A: They're hanging out. But last night I felt like a ghost was hugging me all night long, you know, like pressure. Just feeling like this and chilled to the freaking. Okay, cannot right now. I'm finally getting warm.

Speaker B: How's your appetite?

Speaker A: It's not bad.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: It's actually pretty good.

Speaker B: And your sleep was disrupted because of you feeling so cold?

Speaker A: Yeah, they. They drugged me up pretty good. And I still can't sleep.

Speaker B: Okay. What about any sensitivity to light and sound?

Speaker A: Sound really bad.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Light. Not too much. My eyes have just been kind of doing weird shit.

Speaker B: Any tummy upsets?

Speaker A: I did have to take a couple of nausea pills. Buff. Like, whenever they give me my medicine before bed, there's quite a few pills in there, and I'm not really used to that.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker A: Yeah, I've had a little bit of nausea, but I've only thrown up one time.

Speaker B: Okay. Any history of overdose?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: How long. How long ago was that that you overdosed?

Speaker A: I was 18.

Speaker B: Was it on heroin? Okay. That was your only time?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: You haven't used anything in the past 24 hours. Age of first use of any substance you said was 14?

Speaker A: I would say I started smoking more like 12 because I started smoking cigarettes whenever I was really little.

Speaker B: Okay, and we already said. We already answered that.

Speaker B: How would you answer this question? How long has the current use been a problem?

Speaker A: Like.

Speaker A: I've always felt like it's been a problem ever since I've had my first baby because I don't wanna. I just wanted them to have a, you know, super mom.

Speaker B: You know what I mean? Yep. Yep. Alcohol seeped in. Any history of eating disorder?

Speaker A: I. Yeah, it's either. I mean, like, I. I. When I stress out, I binge eat.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: Or if I'm really hungover, I'll eat.

Speaker B: Like, so you stress, eat, stress, eat. Not necessarily binge and purge or.

Speaker A: No. But yeah, like, I stress or bored when I'm really bored.

Speaker A: I really hate that. I mean, like.

Speaker B: Well, now recovery is going to keep you from being bored because you're gonna be busy with taking care of yourself. Yeah. Any history of gambling problems?

Speaker A: Close. I really got into calling psychic.

Speaker A: I've spent a lot of money calling psychics on the phone.

Speaker B: Okay. But not necessarily gambling, but.

Speaker A: And then, like, on video games, and, like, I spend a lot of money on stupid. On video games. That's like. It's a booster. I could lo. It could cost me $5, and I could lose this game and lose this booster, and then I'll just, you know.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Kind of like gambling, but not with, like. I've never been to a casino where, like, played poker or anything like that.

Speaker B: What's your longest period of sobriety during pregnancy?

Speaker A: And I can't even say. I mean, I kind of lied and said it was.

Speaker A: Through the whole nine months, but I didn't even know that I was pregnant with most all my kids until about month three, so. And then I still smoked. And I smoked weed the whole time, too.

Speaker B: Okay. I mean, honestly, not really any.

Speaker A: I am none. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker B: Motivators for treatment.

Speaker A: Just wanting to feel better. Just wanting to feel better about myself so I can make my kids feel better. So our life, it just. I want to get our house built. I want to have a job that I can feel like I can be there and not like it up.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: You know what I mean? And I just. I really want to have something before I have grandkids. You know what I mean?

Speaker B: Okay. And there's no family currently here to provide collateral information. Does the client want family involved in treatment? If yes. Elaborate. If no. Why not?

Speaker A: I do want my husband involved because it seems like.

Speaker A: For him, he just. He just needs to be told thing, you know, what to do, education, and then he'll do it, you know, Otherwise he just. He gets like. I don't know what I'm supposed to do, you know? You know, he just, like. Like completely, like, step by step. Don't do this to her, you know?

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like, I would say that, like, if we had him, if I could have a meeting with someone with him to explain to him, you know.

Speaker B: Sure. And that New dawn can help with that too.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Help him understand where. What. What's happening with you.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: As somebody who's stepping into recovery for the first time. Right.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then we already talked about what we're gonna do with New Dawn. We're gonna sign one for mom, too. So we're gonna have New Don reach out to all three husband, grandpa and mom. Mental health diagnoses.

Speaker A: I, they, I feel like that I don't, I just went to general, you know, doctors whenever I'm feeling bad and then they'll be like, oh, you know, you seem depressed, you know.

Speaker B: Okay. Did you ever take medication for depression, anxiety?

Speaker A: Like right now they have me on Zoloft.

Speaker B: That doesn't do except from a primary care. Yeah, that's a. Zoloft's a big go to for primary care. That's something that we'll talk about too. Well, not we, the provider here and while you're here, maybe get you started on some medication.

Speaker A: I would love to, I, because I, I mean like I've been really, I'm so hard headed. I'm a tourist. I have like been trying not to do be here for the last 15 years, you know, trying to do it myself.

Speaker A: And same with that, you know what I mean? Like I might as like no, I'm not, I don't need medication.

Speaker B: Finally throwing your hands up and surrendering.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'm just like, okay, maybe I am a little bit nuts. You know, I have had a lot of go on in my life.

Speaker B: Well, surrender. Surrender to me is recognizing that you don't know. Admitting that you don't know. I don't know know. I don't know if you know. All I know is I don't know.

Speaker A: You know what, Alan? Oh my gosh, I was listening to Alan Watson. He did a whole thing about that. Like that is the best thing you can tell yourself is you don't know.

Speaker B: Because what you know got you here. Yeah, right. And then I like to confuse people and say, you know, you know, when you know, you don't know. If you think you know, you don't know. You know. Right?

Speaker A: Yeah. If you say you know, you really don't. And I, and I was just, man, I just, I was just listening to that lecture a couple weeks ago.

Speaker B: Serendipity.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay, let's talk about current psychiatric symptoms. So let's 0 to 10 rate your anxiety today.

Speaker A: At this very moment, I don't feel very anxious because you're making me feel very comfortable.

Speaker B: I'm glad.

Speaker A: But whenever I go back out there, I'm at least at like an eight.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker B: Let'S talk about your symptoms. So we know. Irritability, tension.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Racing thoughts, worry.

Speaker A: I always have racing.

Speaker B: Okay. Crushing your chest, cleaning hands, butterflies, all that stuff.

Speaker A: Not really the butterflies, but definitely the.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like I just feel like I'm just like, okay, okay.

Speaker B: And depression. 0 to 10.

Speaker A: As of right now, I don't feel very depressed, but it seems like it comes in waves. I don't know if that's the anxiety or whatnot, just the situation.

Speaker B: And anything that's wonky, you can always connect to post acute withdrawals because you've been. You've been feeding alcohol to your brain for how long? Or substances in general.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So when you're actively using substances, it changes the way the chemicals move through your brain. They call them the pathways. So your brain right now is like, what the. Is happening. It has. It's trying to figure out its new norm. So post acute withdrawals can come and go even years down the line because your brain is still trying to figure out what. What's normal.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: So that's where we give ourselves grace. Right.

Speaker B: So I'm going to give you some depression symptoms. You tell me if you're experiencing any of these today. Helplessness, hopelessness, worthlessness.

Speaker A: Worthlessness.

Speaker B: Trouble finding joy or pleasure. Yeah, that's called anadonia. You ever hear that word? You know what that means? Then what about lack of energy, lack of motivation, or lack of interest?

Speaker A: I just kind of feel like I'm stuck right now.

Speaker B: Okay. And that's okay?

Speaker A: Yeah, Like I want to do stuff, but then like, when I get to do it, I'm like. Feels like so much right now, you.

Speaker B: Know, like feelings of overwhelm.

Speaker A: Yeah, but I don't want to. I want to be like.

Speaker B: Okay, so what we're gonna do is, we're gonna do. We have these two assessment tools. Tools. One is called the GAD7 Generalized Anxiety Disorder, seven questions. And then there's a PHQ9 Patient Health Questionnaire, nine questions, which is geared more towards depression symptoms, and it gives you a score. So we'll get our score now and then we'll do. You'll, you know, you'll do some stuff from our treatment plan and then we'll do. We'll see where your score is and see if what our plan is working or not. Okay, so both of them have the same premise. They're Both the last two weeks.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And then your answers are. 0, 1, 2, 3 0. Not at all in the past two weeks. One, several days. Two. More than half. Three. Nearly every day in the past two weeks. Okay, so we're gonna do the Gad 7 first. Feeling nervous, anxious or on edge.

Speaker A: Nearly every.

Speaker B: Nearly every day. 3. Okay. Not being able to stop or control worrying.

Speaker A: Almost every day.

Speaker B: Worrying too much about different things.

Speaker A: Yeah, that doesn't even matter.

Speaker B: That's an every. Almost everyday thing, too.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Trouble relaxing.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah.

Speaker B: Being so restless that it's hard to sit still. Yeah. Three.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. Becoming easily annoyed or irritable.

Speaker A: Oh, that's up there.

Speaker B: We know that's. We know that's a lot today, the past few days. So nearly every day in the past two weeks.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Then feeling afraid as if something awful might happen.

Speaker A: I feel like that all the time.

Speaker B: Okay, so today. Well, let's talk about first these things that we just mentioned. How difficult have they made it for you to take care of your responsibilities at work, home, get along with other people, that kind of stuff? Not at all. Somewhat very or extremely difficult?

Speaker A: I would say very.

Speaker B: Okay, so your score today for the Gad 7 is a 21, which is the highest because we said. And 3 for everything. So that's severe anxiety, which. That tracks, right?

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker B: And then.

Speaker B: We'Ll come up with a plan and that with, you know, that meditation stuff and journaling maybe, or something like that. And then we'll do this again and see if that stuff has helped.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay. So the PHQ9 again. Past two weeks. 0123.

Speaker B: Little interest or pleasure in doing things.

Speaker A: 3.

Speaker B: Feeling down, depressed or hopeless.

Speaker A: 3.

Speaker B: Trouble falling asleep or staying asleep or sleeping too much.

Speaker A: 3.

Speaker B: Feeling tired or having little energy.

Speaker A: 3.

Speaker B: Poor appetite or overeating.

Speaker B: Feeling bad about yourself or that you're a failure or that you've let yourself or your family down. 3. Trouble concentrating on things like reading or watching TV. 3. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite. Being so fidgety or restless that you've been moving around a lot more than usual.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: One, two or three.

Speaker A: Probably a two.

Speaker B: Okay. Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way? No. Okay. Same question as before of these things. How difficult have they made it for you to take care of? What you got to take care of? Not at all. Somewhat very or extremely difficult?

Speaker A: Extremely difficult.

Speaker B: Okay, so today your PHQ9 score is a 22, which is severe depression. Okay. And so we got. We got good, good goal. Let's raise that or decrease that number.

Speaker A: Yeah, Right.

Speaker B: And to be honest, even without doing anything other than just staying sober and being here in a safe place, it's gonna change.

Speaker A: Okay, cool.

Speaker B: But we'll do stuff to help it change more.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because I. I mean, like, I'm still really, you know, fidgety, but I do. I. I will honestly say I already feel a little bit better. Good.

Speaker B: Well, just making the. The decision to come here. That can spark a little bit of hope.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That maybe you didn't have before. Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: You talk about that. Is there anything negative from any of the medicines that you're taking? Any, like, negative effects that you can tell?

Speaker A: That.

Speaker B: Just that.

Speaker A: Nausea A little bit. And I'm a little sleepy, but that's to be expected. And honestly, I don't mind.

Speaker B: At this point, take advantage of the naps up here.

Speaker A: I haven't really been doing that. Okay. I was gonna try to at least today at some point, but.

Speaker B: And do you have any medical conditions?

Speaker A: I. I have stage two as. I. Like, as a.

Speaker A: I. Yeah, like five years ago, I had stage two fibrosis, and I've been too big of a. To see what it is now, and I've been drinking, so.

Speaker B: Can you tell. Educate me on what fibrosis is?

Speaker A: It's like damage to my liver.

Speaker B: Okay. So we probably do. Sent off blood work.

Speaker A: Yeah, they sent off blood work. Well, I don't know if they did here, but I went my doctor. They did, and then they. Well, they wanted me to get a liver ultrasound done, but I couldn't afford it, so I don't know where I'm at Right. That.

Speaker B: Do we take blood here?

Speaker A: No one took blood here.

Speaker B: They might do that.

Speaker A: Okay. They told me that I have hepatitis A, which I'm like, what the.

Speaker B: When were you told that?

Speaker A: Just a couple weeks ago at the primary care. Yeah.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: And so, yeah, I'm just supposed to get that liver ultrasound done and it'll tell me kind of where I'm at.

Speaker B: So when you see the provider, I guess it pro. It might be Jake, his glasses.

Speaker A: Okay. I might.

Speaker B: Let me see if there's anybody else that's been talking to you.

Speaker A: Yeah, I know. He's like a tall dude.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: That guy. Yeah, me. He's the nurse practitioner.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So mention that to him about blood work and the hepatitis A and see if you can get. If he can put in for some blood work.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because sometimes that. That can.

Speaker B: Lead towards changing ideas of what medications. Like there's a. There's an anti craving medication called naltrexone, but if you have high liver numbers, they don't want to prescribe it to you.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Until those come down.

Speaker A: All right. And I'm hoping being here, like, you know, that's gonna help.

Speaker B: Yes. Not drinking your liver is very resilient. It can heal itself until you get passed into that cirrhosis stage. But people. It can. It can definitely heal itself.

Speaker A: See, I'm A little worried about it already being into that cirrhosis stage, you know what I mean?

Speaker B: Well, dude, we'll do testing. If they took your blood two weeks ago, they would have told you.

Speaker A: They. I. I don't know. Oh, I guess they can tell just by taking my blood. Okay.

Speaker B: There's numbers. There's numbers on certain medical stuff.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. So if it was that bad, they would. Right? Told me. They just told me I need to get a liver ultrasound done, so.

Speaker B: Okay. And so. And bring that up with. With Jake, because that is a little. That's way over my head, actually, not just a little over my head. And he can help guide you towards next steps.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. Cuz I've just been too big of a. To find out what the hell is going on.

Speaker B: Well, that's what recovery does. It forces you to really take care of yourself. What truly what that means, you know, and that's.

Speaker A: I mean, because of this liver. That is why I am in here. Because I do not want to die.

Speaker B: Yeah. What's your primary. What's your primary care doctor's name?

Speaker A: I just been seeing a nurse practitioner named Taylor Bill, but I really want to get it switched to that Tannis.

Speaker B: Is it the same office?

Speaker A: No, different. Oh, but Taylor Bell is in Steelville. That is my primary now.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I was gonna try to get a hold of Tannis while I was in here and have all my switched over potentially.

Speaker B: Switch?

Speaker A: Yeah, because she's a, you know, drug abuse alcohol specialist and a nurse practitioner, so I feel like I'm. I was just. She's the one that sent me here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: I come here.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: So I feel like I want to switch to her.

Speaker B: Do you have a dentist you go to?

Speaker A: No.

Speaker B: Do you currently have a dental issue that would require a trip to the dentist?

Speaker A: Not really. I mean, my teeth are like. But they don't hurt me or nothing.

Speaker B: Okay. Maybe just time for cleaning or something.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Do you have any issues with chronic pain?

Speaker A: I have like sciatica and my. Throughout the years, like my ass and my back hurts a lot, you know.

Speaker B: Okay. Yoga might help with that too.

Speaker A: Yeah, I was hoping.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Like, I had to take an ibuprofen this morning because if I sleep on one side for too long, I'll wake up and it feels like my bone is like bruised.

Speaker B: Yeah. So problem list. Start of the treatment plan. I've been right stuff down. You tell me if I'm missing anything. We have substance use. Yeah, Obviously that's why you're here. Right. We have mental health yeah.

Speaker B: We have family.

Speaker B: We have trauma.

Speaker B: We have grief.

Speaker B: And I put wellness. Wellness is nice. Good. Overall, that can be the learning how to meditate.

Speaker A: Learning.

Speaker B: Do it. Starting doing yoga, that kind of stuff.

Speaker B: And then.

Speaker B: Trauma, grief, wellness, family, mental health, substances. Am I missing anything.

Speaker B: Medical? We're gonna have the.

Speaker B: And then I'll. Treatment planning. We'll probably just talk about them. And then I will add it all to the computer and then have you sign it when I see you next time. We're just gonna kind of write it down on here.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I'll show you how. How we. How this works.

Speaker B: That way you know what I'm going to be doing.

Speaker B: So we got your problem list here.

Speaker B: We wrote all our problems out, right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. Now we're going to mark grief and trauma as deferred, meaning it's not something we're going to actively work on while you're not inpatient.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Because you can have 20 things on this problem list, but we're not gonna. You're not gonna actively work on every single one of those things because. Holy moly. That'd be overwhelming.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So we know for sure we're gonna do this. And then these are going to be very simple. Like you'll talk to the medical provider about getting lab work.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Wellness will be, you'll, you know, yoga, participate in wellness activities.

Speaker B: Family is that you'll, you know, I'll come up with something. Something smart, you know, just that you'll continue to communicate and we'll have a new daughter. Reach out. Something simple. Once you get to outpatient, this kind of stuff can get a little more specific.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Impatient's a little more cookie cutter.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then with mental.

Speaker B: Me give you this mental health. I gave somebody the other day, and she's like, I'm really liking it. Don't. But this is something. Don't think, oh, I got to get this finished. These are for you. We can go through it if you want to when we meet at some point down the line.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But I'm not going to say did you finish that? Because this is for you. And there's going to be a lot of different things that you're doing. So on your.

Speaker B: On your substance use and then mental health. Mental health. We're going to do your. You're going to do the self esteem packet.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker B: I'm gonna write in here that it's different. What we're deferring. And then this is how we do the treatment planning.

Speaker B: We'll get your. We'll get your Goals at least filled out on these right now.

Speaker B: So we're going to do.

Speaker B: Treatment plan problem.

Speaker B: Paperwork.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: You know.

Speaker B: Substitutes, mental health. We're going to do family.

Speaker B: Wellness.

Speaker B: Come on. Wellness.

Speaker B: And.

Speaker B: Okay, so first one.

Speaker B: It'S clinical and it's substance use. So then each time we meet, we'll revisit this and be like, hey, how's that going? Yeah, do we make any adjustments? That kind of stuff. And then I'll put a little blurb on what we're doing. So first thing we do is add a big fat goal. Well, a very simple, in your words, goal. When it comes to your substance use, what's your overall goal?

Speaker A: That's to quit.

Speaker B: Perfect.

Speaker B: Oopsies. Caps lock. To quit. Good goal, sis.

Speaker A: Yeah, thanks.

Speaker B: And then what I'm gonna do probably when I get home tonight is objectives. Objective is your action step.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Intervention is our action step.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: To help you get closer to the goal. And then this target date, I'm just gonna shoot for like three or four weeks.

Speaker B: So for substance use.

Speaker B: I'll give you a quitting alcohol packet.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: This is a long one, so take your time.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: You can prioritize this stuff however you want. Okay, so we're gonna do quitting alcohol.

Speaker B: You'll be doing a timeline.

Speaker B: Chris. Chris Lane is the fellow who does the processing group for my people. Since I'm.

Speaker B: And so you and him will. You and he will decide down the line. Get you a time. Hey, I'm ready to share my. My timeline. We'll get it on the calendar, but this is just kind of the outline for that. And you're going to hear other people's timeline too, so.

Speaker A: Oh, okay. So this is like my story. Okay.

Speaker B: And then this one is your. You know, I'll put a few weeks out, and then I'll put like a month or so after this one. This is your relapse prevention plan. So don't go sit down and fill all this out.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: You know, add to it, you know, each day, every couple days when you learn something from. From groups, and then you add to it. You can look through it every single day and just kind of get an idea of what is the expectations are. Alcohol timeline. I'll keep you busy, sis. Yeah, Timeline and.

Speaker B: Prevention. And then I want to put one that's just for you.

Speaker B: So.

Speaker B: Getting. If we're gonna quit, what's something that you think would be helpful that you can maybe work on between now and next time we meet? Examples. Some people work on identifying triggers to their alcohol use or their substance Use. Some people work on identifying coping skills. Some people list. Want to list triggers and coping skills, you know, together.

Speaker B: Motivation, you know, what's my motivate? What are you know, being able to list my motivation to stay sober. Because you talked about motivation earlier, right?

Speaker B: Is it motivation to stay sober? Is it. What did you mean when you were talking about motivation?

Speaker A: Like, I.

Speaker A: Like just overall in general, like, because I have no motivation because of the alcohol, but I need the motivation to get off the alcohol.

Speaker B: Okay. So.

Speaker A: So I kind of feel like I'm like in a big yin yang right now.

Speaker B: What about this.

Speaker B: Listing? Because there's smart goals, S, M, A, R, T, specific, measurable, attainable, realistic and timely.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: And with that treatment plan, we make a plan, we do it, we study, we act. Plan, do, study, act.

Speaker B: So we make a plan, we do it, we study. Did it work or not? Because we're doing it timely.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then we take action if we need to adjust our plan or if we need to continue our plan. And then you just keep revisiting it, setting yourself up for small goals. Small can help you with successes. Small successes as opposed to I want to lose 100.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So something simple like member will identify at least five ways she can increase her motivation.

Speaker B: For.

Speaker B: Whatever those. That we can figure out what that, what that specific motivation is for. To engage with people, to.

Speaker B: Engage with recovery, engage with feeling better and what, you know, with me, whatever. But. And then we see each other. Hey, did you come up with 5 motivators? Have you been doing them, how they working out kind of deal. Know what I mean?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So you think.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So it's your treatment plan, it's your, it's your goal. So we. What I said you can tweak it however you want.

Speaker A: So like I would be like thinking, you know, medically, you know, just my body feeling better will probably.

Speaker A: Give me more motivation. I'm really looking more for like exercise being one of my bigger goals to help me focus more on.

Speaker B: And we'll do that on. We'll do wellness. That'll be wellness. The wellness goal is you're going to be engaging in.

Speaker B: Wellness activities. Yoga, meditation, that kind of stuff.

Speaker A: Am I doing, Am I saying the right here? I mean, like.

Speaker B: Well, let's think about.

Speaker A: Look, because I'm a little confused because.

Speaker B: You can, you can. But here's, here's my question. How do you get yourself motivated to do the yoga? Right?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So those, that's the challenge is figuring out what you can, what, what needs to happen to light that Fire under your tush.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: To get you. Because in your, you're motivated in your head. Right. But it's when it, when the time comes. Me.

Speaker A: Yeah, See, I'm like that.

Speaker B: So thinking about. So that'll be a big challenge between now and next week. Figuring out what kind of, what kind of something can you do to increase your motivation? Whether it be write down.

Speaker B: One extra goal a day. It could be to.

Speaker B: Something like, I'm just giving you some examples here, but you can come up with your own. It could be.

Speaker B: Something to do with your kids. It could be writing a letter to the future you. It could be your ideal, you know, list. Making a list of your ideal life. You know, it could be any of those things. And, and you know what? You might do some things and we might next week be like, yeah, it didn't help. Okay, so then what we need to do. Does that make sense?

Speaker A: Yeah, I know you're saying kind of like.

Speaker A: My big motivate was my big motivation.

Speaker B: Yeah. How do you get yourself motivated?

Speaker A: I want to, you know, like be able to like just.

Speaker B: So can. Is it fair to put down for your treatment plan what we're going to add for this one for substance use? 5 things to increase motivation.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Motivation for follow through.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's, that's the thing.

Speaker B: And that could be connected to your depression too. Lack of motivation. Okay, so we'll have, we'll have these four objectives. I'll add all those and then when I see next time, we'll sign them.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Okay. All right, so we got that now. That was not a quote.

Speaker B: Okay, so I'll finish that at home probably. And then we've got next one.

Speaker B: Mental health.

Speaker B: When it comes to your mental health, what's your big fat overall goal?

Speaker A: Such a nutcake.

Speaker A: More mentally stable.

Speaker B: Okay, and just a suggestion. Next time you.

Speaker B: Catch yourself calling yourself crazy, being a nutcase, be calling being mean to yourself.

Speaker B: Call yourself out on that. Yeah, I did that this morning because I was, I was just cranky. And, and I'm like, nope, I'm not going to start my day crappy. Yeah. And then you know what song came on my Spotify, Gonna be a good Day.

Speaker A: And I'm like, hey, all right, universe.

Speaker B: You said mental stability, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. I just want to feel more stable.

Speaker A: I want to trust myself more.

Speaker B: Okay. And then we are going to do the self esteem workbook. And then let's come up with one more thing.

Speaker B: What is something else you can do to help you.

Speaker A: I feel like diet would be a good part of It.

Speaker B: That. That can be under wellness. Right. So these are. Let's think of not just physical.

Speaker A: Oh, okay.

Speaker B: But mental. You know, what can you do to help. Help you become more stable? To trust myself. And.

Speaker B: Something that. That a lot of people like to do or. Or that I think might be helpful is the observing. Your. You observe people? Do you observe yourself?

Speaker A: Sort of. I kind of always keep a.

Speaker A: I don't know how to. I'm always masked.

Speaker B: Okay. So. So.

Speaker B: I'm just gonna throw some ideas out there, and then we're just gonna brainstorm. So it could be taking note, you know, taking pen to paper at the end of the day, or as you do it.

Speaker B: When your mask and feelings aren't matching. And what. What made you feel you had to mask? It could be something like just learning. Learning what triggers your depression and anxiety. I've had people before. Anytime I had any time, they had anxiety. This gal, Kelly, and she did a very good job, and it ended up where she talked to the provider and they changed the time of her medication. But.

Speaker B: I have anxiety. I'm gonna stop. I'm take a timeout. I'm gonna rate it 0 to 10, and then like, a few words on what the situation is, what's going on, and then you can revisit that and you learn more about your anxiety or your depression or both.

Speaker A: Yeah, I would say. I need to figure. I need.

Speaker A: I get triggered extremely easily, and I feel like that's.

Speaker B: Do you know what those triggers are?

Speaker A: People just annoy the. Out of me that are ignorant. And I mean, I'm not. I. I guess I need a little bit of an ego death. You know what I mean? Like, and I'm not trying to be like that. It's just.

Speaker B: Okay, my guess is there's something else as well. So let. Let observing. Because you made that face. What. What do we want to observe? What do we want to be able. So you can study it and be like, okay, this is where I need to intervene.

Speaker A: I don't know. I'm confused.

Speaker B: Okay, you want me just to come up with something and then next week we'll see how it goes?

Speaker A: Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm confused.

Speaker B: So it could be you're keeping track.

Speaker B: When your anxiety increases.

Speaker B: And what was the outside.

Speaker B: Trigger or something about, like, if it was another person recognizing when it's somebody else. What are those feelings you're feeling? Oh, look at me.

Speaker A: I got a.

Speaker B: Don't worry about this. I got a feelings wheel. Look at that. So you can use the feelings wheel to identify what Exactly. Is being is bubbling up. Okay, so let's do that. You'll keep track of.

Speaker B: Emotions when they, when they, when you're feeling something. Something on this wheel bubbling up. Right. Keep track of your emotions. Identify.

Speaker B: And identifying a trigger.

Speaker A: Yeah, that's what, that's what I really feel like I need to do. It's like I gotta figure out why I get so annoyed with.

Speaker B: Well, and so. And so let's make it smart too. What do you think is realistic between now and a week from now when we can visit? I mean, we can, we can come up. You can say at least you want to do at least five.

Speaker B: Five times that. That this happened throughout the week. It could be at least once a day. It could be, you know, whatever we can put as measurable.

Speaker A: I'm just getting very confused about this part.

Speaker B: Okay. What we're. What you're going to do is when you have it, boost in whatever in some sort of emotion, whether it be anger, anxiety, depression, anything. Anything that's like, I'm feeling. Yeah, you're gonna figure out what, what you're feeling on the wheel.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then you're gonna write a little something about what triggered it. Right.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: But if we're gonna hold ourselves responsible to do it, to write it down.

Speaker B: We can't say, I'm gonna. We want to make it measurable. Right. So.

Speaker B: Like, you want to be able to identify at least five different emotions throughout your days. It could be that you. Whatever is realistic for you, whatever you think you can follow through with, it could be that you want to do it at least three times between now and next week. It could be that you want to do it at least once a day.

Speaker A: Between now and next week, despite just kind of breaking down an emotion.

Speaker B: Yep. Observing yourself, just figuring out what that emotion is and what triggered it. Because then, you know, the next step is figuring out how to cope with that trigger.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah, makes sense. So what for to make it measurable, what do you think is realistic for you amount wise of how often to do this?

Speaker A: I think it. Realistically, it would have to be like, I just keep a little notepad in my pocket, and whenever someone pisses me off, I just, I'm gonna have to.

Speaker B: Be like, okay, so we'll put at least once daily.

Speaker A: Yeah. Because I'm sure someone's gonna piss me.

Speaker B: Off at least once, but I'm gonna challenge that too.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: When we say people are pissing me off, we're giving them power.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Right. So something that's out here, whether it's what people are doing or saying or whatever triggers a feeling in us that we can't cope with.

Speaker A: Yeah, I know.

Speaker B: Right? So it's not that you're pissing me off. I use this as. I use my sister as an example for this. So one Christmas, she was just really cranky, and everybody was having a good time and being silly and kind of loud except her. She was kind of off to the side. My brother said, oh, sissy, you're kind of being a. She's like, well, you guys are pissing me off. But here's the thing. We weren't doing anything.

Speaker A: Yeah. I always.

Speaker B: Other than enjoying each other's company.

Speaker A: Right. I heard this saying, if every time you walk into a room and it smells like maybe you should check your shoe.

Speaker A: Yeah. So I think about that, but I. What it is, is it. I would like to know why the hell it.

Speaker B: Why you get so cranky at people.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: What buttons are they pushing?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: Yep.

Speaker A: And why. That's exactly where I'm at.

Speaker B: Like, okay, so let's do.

Speaker A: And then once they press one button, then it's like my OCD is just like, now. What the. Are you rumina?

Speaker B: Do you ruminate?

Speaker A: Yes.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: It's like you're it. You're instantly ruined for me right now. Yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: And so I can figure out how to cope with you.

Speaker B: Okay. You know, let's do a quick overall family goal. What? When it comes to your family, what's your goal?

Speaker A: I want to.

Speaker A: Have a nice house for my kids. I want to do more fun things. I want them to have a lot of good, fun family memories. You know what I mean? Like, I want to take trips. I want to. I just want to. I want to see my grandkids.

Speaker B: Okay. So I just put after this. Right. And then what we're gonna do is that objective. I told you. It's going to be that you're gonna communicate with them every day. Well, every day. You're probably gonna talk to them every day, huh?

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: And then that will have new Don reach out. It's gonna be very simple.

Speaker A: Yeah. And like with my mom, that's a big one.

Speaker B: Oh, yeah.

Speaker A: I got a lot of. With that that I need to work out.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: With my dad, I don't even really give a. But my mom's really trying to put up effort, and I'm still a. And I'm just trying to figure that out.

Speaker B: Okay. And then.

Speaker B: So we have substance use, we have mental health. Oopsie daisies.

Speaker B: We have.

Speaker B: Substance use, mental health. Family.

Speaker B: Medical. When it comes to your medical issues, what's your overall goal?

Speaker A: I would like to keep it simple. Cleanse myself as much as possible. Revitalize.

Speaker A: Pretty much everything that I can. You know.

Speaker A: I like to feel better.

Speaker B: Yeah. Okay. And so I'll add that. You'll talk to the medical provider about lab work and whatnot.

Speaker B: Then we've got. Did that, did that, did that, did that. Wellness. When it comes to. And then the wellness.

Speaker B: Objective, just your action stuff, is that you'll engage in wellness activities like yoga and meditation. So what's your. When it comes to wellness? Give me your overall goal for that.

Speaker A: Gut health and building more muscle and losing some boundage.

Speaker A: Strengthening, you know, and conditioning. Pretty much.

Speaker B: Working on your physical well being is as you work on your mental well being.

Speaker A: Yeah, right. Try to get it all.

Speaker B: Okay. And then we'll sign those.

Speaker B: Okay. And then only the last thing we have to do.

Speaker B: Are we cheeks red?

Speaker A: A little bit, yeah. Oh, sorry.

Speaker B: Nope, not you.

Speaker A: No, I know.

Speaker B: I'm 48. I'm 48, bro.

Speaker A: I had a hysterectomy me when I was.

Speaker B: Oh.

Speaker A: So, you know, so. Yeah, I get it.

Speaker B: Okay, so hen. Henry is grandpa. Yep. And then Aaron is husband. So let's add this one. You're gonna have to. You have to sign it.

Speaker A: It's okay.

Speaker A: It's kind of fun. Now I've done it. Like, freaking.

Speaker B: What?

Speaker A: I.

Speaker B: You're left handed. What I've done. I mean, I'm right handed, but I've clicked this down and just written it with my finger too.

Speaker A: Okay, I'll try.

Speaker B: That's helped.

Speaker B: Okay. So what's mom's name?

Speaker A: Judy.

Speaker B: My mom's name's Judy.

Speaker A: No way.

Speaker B: What's mom's last name? Paul. That is not my mom's last name. That would be a coincidence. And what do you know her number?

Speaker A: Shoot. Not off the top of my head.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: But I can. I'll write it down.

Speaker B: Okay. And I'm gonna be here. So I. If you. I'll get it. We're not. I'm not gonna sign this right now. We're gonna. Because it won't let me add it after you sign it. So we'll sign that later. Just get that number right down.

Speaker A: Yeah, I'll get it when I get my phone out next.

Speaker B: And then we'll get it signed. And then we'll ask. Let Alison know that mom's in there too. Okay. Okay. Take a big, fat deep breath. This was a lot.

Speaker B: So what we're gonna do is we're gonna. Today's Thursday. I'll meet with you next Thursday. That's the plan.

Speaker A: Meeting with me next Thursday.

Speaker B: That's the plan.

Speaker A: Okay. So in the meantime, I need to work. Work on.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Just kind of jack around with these.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Work with this every day.

Speaker B: And write down one of my. My guess is that you'll be moseying down to the. The residential building pretty quickly since you've been here a week.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Right.

Speaker B: Okay. Now, if for some reason your insurance requires a note sooner, I might meet with you on Monday. If they need it.

Speaker B: Before, I can meet with you on third and I don't know it. Tuesday or Wednesday somebody else might meet with you. But I will be meeting with you every week. And if for some reason I can't, I will make sure to let you know.

Speaker A: Okay. What are you talking about, like a note? Like they gotta.

Speaker B: Yeah. Insurance wants clinical information to justify.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah.

Speaker B: Than paying for your treatment.

Speaker A: Okay.

Speaker B: I'm going to complete our session.