Speaker A: Pretty much with my daughter. She wore me out. Wanted to play in snow. And it was an endless watch session of either Bluey Blippy or Gabby's Dollhouse. What a grinch.

Speaker B: Nice. So you looked over it? Yes. Okay, you started?

Speaker A: Yeah, I had quite a bit of homework. Between you and my sponsor? My sponsor wanted me to read chapter four in the big book. And then also there's like another chapter or two that talks about what was it? I think it was like towards the end of the book. And then it talks about like a resentment prayer or something to do with letting go of resentment. Because I don't know if I remember you remember me telling you, but the issue I had before with Courtney about. Yeah, so I told him about that too. He's like. He's like, you need to. Need to re over resentment. Like, I think they'll help you. So I finally had a chance to read that and I don't know, it kind of helped kind of open my eyes a little bit. Kind of made me feel like I'm kind of glad that I didn't just act on impulse and say what I want. Because that kind of explained a lot because, I don't know, it was definitely a temporary feeling that I felt now, looking back on it. I mean, now I could give two shits about it anymore. Like, it doesn't even matter. I don't know. At the time, it was just very much bugging me.

Speaker B: Yeah, I remember.

Speaker A: And I. Dude, I definitely know that my anger management skills suck, but I think the whole idea of me being a little bit more vocal about kind of helps because usually it doesn't matter what it was. Like, any problem that I had, whether it was stress related, job related, you know, anger related, whatever, just by nature, like, I automatically internalize everything. And then my one outlet that I would always go to was alcohol. So I just got into a routine, you know, not talking about. And that ultimately ended up feeling my anger. Like I had no healthy outlet other than drinking. So I think that definitely helped.

Speaker B: Yeah, I do think talking about it does help because it kind of. I think it helped diffuses anger a little bit, getting someone else's perspective too. Like, okay, am I overreacting to this? Maybe I am. Maybe I'm not just hearing it come out of your own mouth sometimes. Like, oh, wow, that was silly. You're right. Yeah. Maybe I shouldn't be that angry about this.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah. I had a question before we start. So tomorrow's 2:00 clock meeting one. Is there any way for you to find out what that meeting is for. And then for two, because I actually had something that I would want to do with my daughter tomorrow. I think there's something going on, school or daycare, whatever you want to call it, that I wanted to go to. And it didn't dawn on me until I got the reminder email that it said 2 o' clock because I had just been paying attention to the one that I had today.

Speaker B: Oh, that one's with Chris. You have her number, right? Yeah, we just text her to reschedule.

Speaker A: Or I can ask her if we can do it earlier that day or something. Yeah, I wasn't sure who that one was with because in the calendar events it just said wellness meeting to a clock. But like usually it'll say like peer specialist or something like that or provider or something. And I didn't see that pop up in there.

Speaker B: Yeah, maybe if she gets a no show she can see you earlier. Looks like she has a morning 11:30 on Friday too. I'll let you guys figure that out. Tom.

Speaker A: It.

Speaker B: Yeah, I do have some other news too since I got CPR training next Monday.

Speaker A: Oh, you're not gonna be my counselor anymore? I was. I was waiting for that to happen.

Speaker B: It was. Yeah, I was either it was supposed to be next week I think was supposed to be our last one since that'll technically be my last official practicum day. But I guess since there's CPR training I've gotta clock in for that or I'm going to clock in for that. Yeah, maybe someday be able to be an official therapist.

Speaker A: Well, that's. That's a bummer because now I got to develop rapport with the whole new person all over.

Speaker B: I think you'll like Matthew. Have you met him yet?

Speaker A: I think I met him in person, but I don't think I've actually have a conversation with him.

Speaker B: I. I think you'll like him. I mean, it's hard not to get along with him. I feel like. I mean, I don't know, I feel like I could say the same about, you know, you and me. It's like kind of hard not to get along with.

Speaker A: I know this is redundant, but have you heard any more news about them dropping my level of hair down either? Is it still the same ILP5?

Speaker B: Yeah, as far as I can tell, you are actually you're non managed. So you got that in your favor.

Speaker A: What is non management? I think I asked you that before, but yeah.

Speaker B: How do I describe this? Insurance is kind of a little bit more Lax, you know, so it's like if you're managed and they have to like an ASAM every. Every however many days. Yeah, it's like your next review isn't even until December 15th, so. But yeah, it's like today's just progress notes and snaps, like I would imagine. I can get in with Matthew before the 15th.

Speaker A: What was I going to say? So the first thing that I want to say is I've been having. I want to put this idea out there because I got two things and I'm afraid that I'm going to forget one or the other. The first thing is, is that I've been having cravings lately, but I want to keep that idea there just so that way, like, if I forget, then I've already put that out there. So the other thing is, before I forget as well, is I know that I think you said my insurance covers up to like 90 days of their approval for 90 days of IOP. So is there any way for you to know like how many of those days I've used so far? Well, I want to forget one about.

Speaker B: So as of that was, as of last Tuesday the 25th, you use 26 out of 90. So let's see, that'd be 26. Thanks. Yeah, you should be right at 30.

Speaker A: Now, how does it. This is probably a sunshine question, but. But now, does my IOP timer reset after the new year or something? I thought I heard her say something like that, but I don't know quite exactly how that works. Or is it just 90 days total that my insurance covers? Or is it 90 days per year or 90 days in general?

Speaker B: Maybe a sunshine question, depending on when your open enrollment through your work starts and like whenever you're new, like insurance period, maybe, if that's even what it's called. You know what I'm saying? Like depending on them because you know your deductible resets every year.

Speaker A: Luckily enough, I don't have.

Speaker B: Oh, that's right. Okay. So you really shouldn't have anything to worry about.

Speaker A: Okay. I'll probably run that by her later or something. Just wondering, because I know she said she said something about something resets. I almost want to lean towards her thinking that it was. She said something about like the first. The first 36 sessions are covered and then any session thereafter, like $20 per session or something like that. But then I think she said that resets after the. The next year or something. But I better just double check with her because I can't remember how she explained it, like how she said if it resets the whole 90 days or just the 36 seconds sessions or whatever.

Speaker B: Yeah, that may be a. Her question. Yeah, I don't know.

Speaker A: But. Okay, so one of the other thing is, is that like, I don't know, like I've been having cravings lately and it's not even, it's not even stress related. Like to be honest with you, it feels like it's just this going to sound psychotic, but it almost just sometimes feels like I just miss the feeling of like being intoxicated. Like it's just. It feels weird, you know, to actually be. How am I going to say this? Fully coherent, like 24 7. Like I feel like, I feel like. I don't know, like I feel like even though nothing has really kind of majorly set me off lately, I feel like I've kind of been somewhat on edge lately. Kind of like waiting for the other shoe to drop. And it's kind of like just that anticipation of any unforeseen stress or anxiety, it's kind of like that's creating. Creating an edge that I feel like I need to kind of like knock off or something. So it's just that. And it just really feels like, I don't know, it just kind of just sometimes feels like I missed the feeling of just being so relaxed and just missed the feeling of escaping now. So either maybe after an hour or two or even like the next day. Having that craving, like in hindsight I kind of think to myself I'm. I'm glad that it does. It didn't like I didn't drink or whatever the case. But it's just in that immediate moment, like the feeling, the craving level feels like it gets up to like almost like an 8 or something to the point to where it's like in that moment it's just. I'm almost 90 sure that I want to use and there's that 10 of self restraint or whatever. And it's kind of like I'm all it. I'll mull it over for a little bit and I'll think about it, but it usually just gets to the point to where it's like, it's so like, it's so like vivid in my mind. Like it's like right there. Like it's just so like my mind can't focus on anything else. Like for the, for the initial period of me thinking about it. And then I'll start thinking like, you know, what if I just do this? What if I just do it? It's almost kind of like, I'm formulating now a plane of how I'll do it. But then, like I said, maybe after about an hour or so, I kind of start coming back to reality, like, thinking myself, like, what the are you thinking about? And then the. The. The ironic thing about it was. So I last had that thought. Was it yesterday, actually just because. I wouldn't say that it was overwhelming or stressful, but my daughter wanted to play outside. And it's cold as.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: So naturally, one of the things. Naturally, that made me kind of think about wanting to use this. Usually when I drink, like, my body temperature wobbles up. And I was. Man, I had a drink right now, I'd probably be able to stay out here a little longer because, you know, it makes me sweat. It makes me hot a little bit more. It's like I can tolerate the cold. So I started thinking about it then. But then, like, the downside of it, I started to run, like, crunch the numbers for lack of better words and things. Like, well, every time you drink before, it was like, you know, you were always out of energy. You weren't, like, present for the moment to spend time with her. And then I even started to venture off into the whole accountability thing and thinking, you know, what if I'm like, no one. I said, what if? What if I ended up. If I end up having to get drug tested? And then it's just like, there's no way around that thing. And surprisingly enough, I came in today and my name is on the UGS list. So that's just another thing. It's kind of like one thing that I wasn't doing before that I'm kind of starting to do now when I get those cravings that it's like, I kind of think it through. Like, I'm not just acting on impulsing. All right, I got a notion or a feeling going to drink. So it. Let's just go to junk. But it's like, now I'm actually able to, Like, I'm still human. I'm still gonna think about it. But now it's like, I'm actually able to. I don't know if you know Justin from Dittmer, but he usually runs groups there.

Speaker B: Yeah, I know.

Speaker A: Yeah, he's always. One of the things that he always talked about is he'll say, like, it's okay to get the craving. He said sometimes just if you're able to, like, try to play the scenario out, you know, try to, like, envision where you think it'll take you, you Know, do you think the results are going to be different? You know, try to realize that ultimately, nine times out of 10, like, it's usually going to end, you land you down the same road. That's kind of what's helping me a lot with that, is that even though I get the craving after a couple of moments, an hour or so, like, just dwelling on the idea of wanting to drink, it's like, then once I start realistically thinking about doing it, then it's like, all right, okay, so let's play this out real quick. You're drunk. You're gonna get emotional. You're probably. It's inevitable. You're probably going to have an argument with somebody that you're going to regret, lose your sobriety, for one, which is then gonna make you feel like even though you're escaping for the moment, you're gonna, at some point come back down to reality and gonna feel like. But then, because it's like, now I gotta start all over. And then obviously, you fail drug test, so then, you know, that could potentially affect your Iop and. Or sober living situation. So I started to think about it. I'm like, you know what? That small escape from reality, like, that doesn't outweigh the negative that can come out of the situation. So I think that's kind of what helps me, like, kick the devil off of my shoulders and trying to whisper in my ear or whatever. Yeah.

Speaker B: Playing the tape all the way through to the end.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Like, that's why we talked about consequences, remember? It's like, I know where it'll end up with me. I know that, you know, if I leave. If I leave here today and I stop by that quick trip up the street and get, you know, a fifth of Captain or Jack or whatever. Those are mine. My main two. Rum or whiskey? But, you know, obviously, I'll go home, I'll get drunk, might not wake up on time to make it to work. Probably lose my job, because I can very well work here. I'll have to find somewhere else to live, because God knows I couldn't live with my boyfriend if I turn back into a drunk.

Speaker A: Is he a sober, sober guy, or is he actually. Is he a recoverer?

Speaker B: His drug of choice was fentanyl, and he's been off of that for about, like two and a half years. Maybe a little bit more than that.

Speaker A: I mean, that would trigger him, too.

Speaker B: He. He drinks normally. You know, he's one of those. I mean, that still makes me uncomfortable with everything I know working in this field and Being in the program. But he hasn't shown me that he's like an alcoholic and he's not able to drink like a normal person. But I mean, like, you know, alcohol is my main goc. Like downers, booze and benzos. But like, if I can just get.

Speaker A: The booze, yeah, I'll be good. That's my thing. I don't need anything else.

Speaker B: Yep. Like I, I know for me it will kill me. Like if I drink, it's likely my heart will start acting up again. I'll probably end up back in the hospital or, you know, it's like when I got sober, I got sober in a psych ward because I was suicidal. And if I relapsed, if I drink again, I would most likely actually, you know, succeed in what I was going to do before. So that's what I'm talking about with playing the tape all the way through. For me, it's going to end in death.

Speaker A: Yeah, it's like just like the old saying goes, like, one is never too many and a thousand is not enough. It's like, you know, there's no just drinking once just to satisfy the craving right there. It's like there's never just one shot like once I start drinking. And my thing is, is I don't drink bottle, I didn't drink bottles. Like I actually drank by the sleeve, like little 10 pack sleeves or whatever. So the way I would do it is like I would take all 10 shots and I put them in a cup and then I mix it with a little like Red Bull or juice or whatever the. And usually after that one cup, it's like I'm halfway buzzed, if not drunk or whatever. And it's like if I don't, if I'm not ready to fall asleep or if I'm not ready to pass out, maybe within like 30 minutes or half an hour, I'm right back at. So it's just kind of like it's the same thing you're saying. It's like there's. I wouldn't know how to. I wouldn't be able to stop myself. Like at that point, once I got kind of on the path of wanting to drink, like, I think I would just. I would probably end up picking up right where I left off when I stopped drinking over 60 days ago. But I think it would almost be like I didn't skip a beat. It would, I think I would just kind of just become a binge drinker, like to the max. So. Yeah, I mean, it's reason why? It's like I. I'm real cautious on making sure that I play it. I play the tape out even more now because I know that, you know, I'm trying to convince myself by thinking, well, hey, you got a little bit of sobriety time under your belt. You know, maybe you could manage how much you turn capitan a drink here, have a drink there. No, I know once I get that drinking message. So it's like I'm gonna fall. I'm gonna fall back in love with the feeling that it's allowing me to feel, to escape. And then I'm gonna try to push the limit to the point to where it's like I fully escaped from reality. And now it's just like I just want to stay in that intense feeling of escape mode. Like, just stay kind of like in blackout status.

Speaker B: Have you read more about alcoholism yet? That chapter.

Speaker A: What chapter would that be in there?

Speaker B: Three?

Speaker A: I think so.

Speaker B: Yeah. So. We alcoholics are men and women who have lost the ability to control our drinking. We know that no real alcoholic ever referred to covers control. All of us felt at times that we were regaining control. But such intervals, usually brief, were inevitably followed by still less control, which led in time to pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization. We are convinced to a man that alcoholics of our type are in the grip of a progressive illness. Over any considerable period, we get worse, never better. But, yeah, I. I love saying that. I love those movies. Just because it's like two fancy long words in a row. Incomprehensible demoralization. But also, like, those two big, fancy words side by side. Definitely summarize my bottom. Like, incomprehensible. Like, not able to understand. It's not understandable. Demoralization, meaning, like, there is zero morals. Like, I've lost all of them. They're gone. Like, all the morals, all the ethics, all the values and beliefs, just.

Speaker A: Yeah, I think I do remember reading that. Doesn't that chapter, for the most part, kind of segue into the idea of talking about how we can't rely on our own willpower and kind of introduces the idea of finding a higher power and, you know, coming to the realization that, you know, we can't do it on our own? It kind of, you know, and kind of, you know, piggybacks on the topic of talking about, if we come to the realization that our life is unmanageable, we can't do it on our own. Like, you know, I think it talks also about the idea of insanity. Like, keep doing the same over and over and just kind of giving different examples and justifications as to why we should seek a higher power. Because we can't do it on our own.

Speaker B: Yeah, they touch on that. Like in the doctor's opinion a little bit too. But that's more from your Dr. Silkworth, which is an alias, but yeah. And it's like, it's right after Bill's story, but yeah. More about alcoholism.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: It's like, here's how you know if you're an alcoholic.

Speaker A: I said, well, I checked that box off.

Speaker B: Okay.

Speaker A: You definitely know.

Speaker B: I love. I love the parts. Like here are some of the methods we have tried.

Speaker A: Yeah. Substituting our drinking. Telling us we're only going to drink on weekends. Not drinking during business hours. Like that.

Speaker B: Yeah. Drinking beer only. Limiting the number of drinks. Never drinking alone. Never drinking in the morning. Drinking only at home. Never having it in the house. Never drinking during business hours. Drinking only at parties. Switching from scotch to brandy. I never understood that one. Drinking only natural wines. Agreeing to resign if ever. Drunk on the job. Taking a trip. Not taking a trip. Swearing off forever, with or without a sawmill. Taking more physical exercise. Regard. Reading inspirational books. Going to health farms and sanitariums. Accepting voluntary commitment to asylums to increase the list. Adding. Connecting.

Speaker A: Yeah, no, none of that. I've tried to do all that before and it always ends up leading me back to my dlc.

Speaker B: I never understood it. Switching from scotch to brandy, but I was never. I don't. I don't know the difference between scotch and brand, you know, because I never drank bougie alcohol.

Speaker A: I couldn't. I always went for straight vodka stuff, though. I guess what other people say will put hair on your chest. It knocked me out, though. It doesn't do anything but that. I'm trying all that. I'm trying to tell myself, you know, I only have one sleeve a day. I'll only drink at night time. I'll only drink at home. Wait, I only drink when I go out. Because now it's like I'll tell myself, I only drink at home, which will make me think that it'll lessen my drinks. But then the way I kind of got around that was now I'm always at home. I found myself not wanting to go anywhere. Well, technically I'm not drinking my own rule because I at home now. So, yeah. So none of that ever worked. And it was just like the more I tried to implement different strategies to control my drinking, it's like the more I secretly found myself finding loopholes to get around that. It's like, to try to justify the reason why I still kept indulging. All right, so if you only want to drink when you go out, well, then always go out. Or if you told yourself, you know, you don't want to drink while at work, well, that means I'm going to take a couple days off. You know, I found myself doing like that, and it just got to the point to where I found that, you know, like, drinking has definitely become a priority for me. Like, whenever I get to the point to where I'm trying to limit my drinking, then it's like, to try to justify it. I just basically create more opportunities within my limitations that will kind of make me feel all right. Okay, well, at least you're still adhering to your rules. You can't technically say you're not, but it's just kind of like blowing off everything else to kind of make room for justification to keep drinking.

Speaker B: Rationalizing. Yeah. Yep. My. My rule was I. I only drank when the sun went down, you know, because if it was dark out, then that makes it okay. Right. Because, like, you know, there's never a day drinker, you know, but, yeah, also, like, that made me binge a lot more because I would just condense the whole day of drinking in a few hours.

Speaker A: Yeah. That basically would mean that now I finally gotta fit it in with a few hours. Now I'm gonna get plastered. I'm gonna make up for all the drinking that I couldn't do during the day, and I'm gonna drink myself into a booty.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: I just gotta chug a whole fist right before bed and somehow make it to work on time.

Speaker A: Yeah, I remember those days. Like, my routine was so, so shitty. Like, it was to the point to where, like, some days, like, I work nights, some days I would call for work, and, like, I would be drinking all day. I would, like, just make it. It would just be a constant cycle of drinking. Two sleeves, passing out, sleeping for a couple hours, waking up, chugging a whole thing of juice that I'm dehydrated. Like, I'm. Then I'm staggering back to because luckily enough, there was a quick trip not too far for me. I have the enough common sense and enough awareness to know that I'm still somewhat drunk to say, all right, I'm gonna drive. But I walk to the quick trip down the road, and I'm. I just remember I would always stagger down the road, going back and forth, forth, making routine trips. And it got to the point to where? The cashier at the Quick Trip. Every time I went there, every time I got there, it would just be like, 1, 2, 3. He already knew what I was getting. He did act. He would just be asking me how many sleeves I would be getting him. You know, I'd make it a point to where no matter how drunk I was, no matter what I was doing, I was always there at the counter before the cutoff time, at 1:30 in the morning, enough time to where I could go home in case I wake up in the middle of the night before the 6am startup sale. Like I have enough to keep me through the night. And then it's like I would always make sure that, you know, I set my alarm for about 5:40 or so, wake up, give myself about five minutes to throw up. Because usually when I wake up in the morning and I have that first cigarette, it caused me a gag. And then all that alcohol just comes up. I'm staggering down the street, throw it up as I go. Calling myself, trying to drink a Red Bull. Think it's not giving me instant energy, at least enough to where when I get back to the counter, I'm not slurring my words. I don't sound obviously drunk in fear that they're gonna refuse me more alcohol. I'm clearly drunk. And I get there right at the 6am, start a sale and it's like it starts all over again. And if you like, I wasn't doing that and. And talk about trying to manage it like I had it, I was manning managing it. But it was in a different way though. And it was like it was to the point to where I was so embarrassed to. I was so embarrassed, like, to make it known that I was drinking like that. I thought that I would kind of hide it to where they wouldn't, you know, the people, the stores that I frequent wouldn't know that I'm drinking to that extent. So I get enough, I get some liquor one time I walk to the store and I get a sleep or two. And then just so that way I wouldn't have to see them again for a while, so they didn't have to give me the look of, oh, you're back already. I go on 711 now and I have it delivered and then I probably drink that and then I wake up a couple hours later and I go back to quick shift so they're not seeing me every, every two hours.

Speaker B: I used to think that I was the only one that did that. Like I, when I was in, you know, the sick of my addiction. I worked at the Petco out in Ellisville, and I literally drive, like, 10 miles down Manchester. So there's, like, a good, like, 20 gas stations on the way home, and I would rotate which ones I would stop at. Like, okay, I stopped at the Quick Trip yesterday. So it means I should do this shell tonight and I'll do the Phillips the next day. So they don't think I'm an alcoholic. Right. But all of those gas stations already knew what I needed when I first walked in there.

Speaker A: Yeah. And then you start realizing, like, you're not really hiding anything, because even if you're thinking you're rotating which store you go to, in hindsight, when you look at it, they're seeing you on a daily or every other big basis. So just because they're not seeing you every day, all day, the fact that in their eyes, you're still buying liquor that frequent. Come on. Now, obviously, obviously, there's something going on there, but I knew it was a problem. Well, like I said, I knew it was a problem when I started to go to the Quick Trip. And, you know, they stopped IDing me. Like, they'd see me there so much to where every time I tried to call my dad, don't worry about it. I know who you are. And, like, there was literally no conversation. All it was when I. I got to the counter was how many sleeves you are. And to an extent, I kind of felt. I kind of thought that that was doing me a favor, because that way, it's like, you know, I didn't have to, like, if they were a line behind me or sometimes, like, I'd be even on the phone. I did this a lot. So, like, I'd be on the phone with my mom sometimes walking to the register, and so she wouldn't hear me ordering liquor, I have to put. Put my phone on mute real quick. And it was kind of. It got. I thought it was kind of beneficial that when they got to the counter, like, they just said, 1, 2, 3. So I didn't have to specifically outright say, can I get two sleeves of Amsterdam? I just would signal to them, too. And my mom wouldn't hear me say anything. But then when I started to think about it, I'm like, all I did was how obvious it was from one person to the next. Because even though my mom isn't, you know, she suspects it, but she doesn't fully see it. But now I've shifted how obvious it's become to my mom now to the person at the Register. It's like now pretty much the whole staff. There's quite a few people in there that when I would go, there'd be quite a few people that were kind of used to my routine. I just kept thinking to myself, you know, as long as my family doesn't know that I drink like this, I don't care if the world sees, like as long as I can hide it from my family. But then I started to think to myself, like, you know, my mom already suspects it. Like she's already aware of what's going on. She's not stupid if she's, if she's accusing me of it every day. The fact that I'm not admitting to it doesn't change the fact that she's already aware of it. I just haven't come to terms with the fact that I'm not hiding as well as I thought I would. So I'm kind of, I don't know, it was just, it's just weird. The, the stupid ass routines that I used to do. Like the stuff. Same way like you said, I probably at one point at the peak of my addiction, would travel to every gas station within a 15 mile radius of my house, like every day of the week. And it got to the point to where as my cravings and as my need to want to drink more increase increased, it was like I found myself starting to expand that radius of how far I was willing to travel. Because I'm like, all right, so I already went to these five stores in the last day or two. I don't want to keep going to the same ones. It's like the only way to kind of wipe my slate clean for like a better word, just to go out further. And then I started to find myself thinking like, did you really driving 25, 30, 30 minutes just to go get a fix when there's a store right down the street from you, but because you're so afraid of making them or having or thinking that they'll look at you as being an alcoholic, like the routines that you've got to take to go get your fix while keeping it under the radar when in all actuality like.

Speaker B: Probably don't care either. We're just selfish and self centered. I mean, it's a gas station clerk. You know how many alcoholics go through there every day?

Speaker A: Yeah, quite a few.

Speaker B: Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, I think these are all good things to remember when you do have these strong cravings.

Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I haven't quite played, played out the tape to the extent.

Speaker B: Of.

Speaker A: Of that as far as thinking, you know, how, like, what my routine was like, like, one of the things that kind of helps me not have to think about that is so, like, I'm choosing not to drive my car, which is also like, I was just. Somebody was just asking me about that yesterday. Like, dude, how do you catch the band? Like, why are you Uber everywhere? Why don't you just drive your car? I was telling him the same thing. I'll tell you. I don't trust myself. Like, I trust myself, but to an extent, because my routine, when my routine on a daily basis that I used to do, I literally would just like aimlessly drive around and like, my back passenger seat, like, the floors, the floor side in the back on the passenger side was full of those little shot bottles. Like, on a daily basis, like, I literally would just go to the store, get to sleep. I have either a Red Bull in this in my cup holder or whatever drink of whatever it is that I'm drinking as a chaser. And I literally would just, in traffic as I'm driving, like, just crack it open. I would throw. Throw the blue little bottle cap in my driver's side door panel or whatever, and I would throw the bottle in the back seat. So in my mind, it's like, it's outside, out of mind. I'm not seeing it. But, you know, as it. As the time came for me to go back to my car, like, I had, like, you couldn't even see the floor on my back seat or whatever. Like, you couldn't even see the floor. It was nothing but blue amps, right? Damn shot bottle. And I would probably have to go through two rounds of.2 rounds of vacuuming to get all the little shot bottle caps out of my door. So, yeah, between that and the fact that. So we have our freedom to an extent, of being in sober living, obviously, fact that we have a curfew. But I mean, I'm older now, so it's like I get tired early at night. I don't. I don't. I don't like being up late. And if I do, it's kind of like I prefer to be at home, like, watching YouTube or playing a game or something. But minus that, we pretty much have our freedom. So it's kind of like, because I'm aware of that, you know, I know that if I were to drive, like, the ease of just cruising past, like, an old neighborhood where I know people that actively still use, it would be so much easier for me to do that. And it would be kind of hard for me to justify why I'm not doing it if I had my car. Because now, like, I'll either. I look at it like this, like I'm off of work, so I'm off of work. So I don't have. I don't have a need to drive to work. And that's mainly what my car is out of the floor. I don't have any to drive to work. There's a transportation to pick me up to come to and from. The main thing that I need to do, which is ilp, like anything outside, like anything outside of that, like maybe going to visit my mom or haircuts, I'm just catching Uber there. And the way I kind of rationalize that is, well, I know I'm not just going to sit here and pay 15, $20 sporadically every time I want to go visit a friend, I want to think about how much it's going to start adding up versus if I had my car. That's just a matter of getting in the car and going over there. So that's kind of what helps me slowly but surely start getting used to the idea of changing my people's places again. I mean, it's, to a certain extent, you know, does kind of suck because I. I do kind of miss my freedom of just being able to kind of get up and go whenever I want to. But then, you know, the flip side of that is I remember every time I can say before I got over September 26, I can't remember a time that I was sober behind the wheel. I'm so surprised that I. Okay, so I take that back. I got into one fender bender. I got into one fender bender and I was drunk. But luckily enough I wasn't. I don't know. I don't know how I got myself out there situation. But one of the things I have a tendency to do is I keep my mouthwash in my car or whatever in the event I keep mouthwashing cologne in my car. So in the event that something were ever to happen, if I get pulled over or something, put some mouthwash in my mouth and spray some cologne on me so I'm not wreaking and it's not coming up my breath. But this particular day I was. And I remember it like I was texting and driving and I was looking down on my phone and I was driving with my knee and I wasn't paying attention to the fact that the light was already yellow as I was approaching the intersection. So I pretty much just blew through the intersection and there was another car that was just starting to pull off because his light turned green. And I kind of like hit the back of his car and kind of made him do a little like fishtail move or whatever, which. He was okay. His airbags went off, he was okay. And I think the thing that saved me was, you know, that I don't. I don't remember slurring my words. I don't remember like staggering or anything. And I did stay at the scene and I waited till the police. For the police to get there. And I was aware enough to the point to where I guess I didn't give any kind of, like, hints or say, signs or inclinations that I was drunk to the cop. I wasn't staggering or anything. I gave him my name, I gave my insurance and everything. He just pretty much wrote the report up and sent me on my way. So I don't know how I got out of this situation without him noticing anything. But it's like people talk about, you know, having encounters or I guess having to hit rock bottom. And it's like, even with having me have it happen, I think I've only had it happen at least once. But even having that scare happen to where I was on the verge of getting DUI or being drunk, driving and hitting somebody, like, I still did it because the way I rationalized it was, well, you didn't get caught, he didn't get hurt, and you didn't ruin your car. So we can keep doing this because evidently you're not that bad of a driver because you didn't. You did minimal damage to your car, you did no damage to any his person, and the cops couldn't detect anything. So instead of me thinking. Instead of me thinking that, you know, as the situation progresses, I pretty much run the risk of, you know, increasing the amount of damage that I inflict every time I go. I rationalize it by thinking. So that's pretty much a long, drawn out way of saying that the reason why I don't trust myself driving right now because I don't know, it'll just be a matter of a matter of a moment, for lack of better words, to where I'm back in my comfort zone. You know, my car was like the main place that I drink because I was always driving around. I didn't want to be at home because there were times to where I'll be sleeping the day away. So I'm already in my car and I'm doing something, then it's like I'm less likely to Want to fall asleep. But the flip side of it is, is that. But I am in my car. It's like I'm constantly drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking to the point to where, like, I'm not really paying attention to how drunk I'm getting until I'm really drunk. And then it's like, if I let myself get blackout drunk behind the wheel, like, who knows what will happen? And I'm just aware that that's what it could lead to. So it's like I don't want to put myself in that situation.

Speaker B: Don't want to throw it all away. All the hard work all the time. Yeah. Sounds like you're using tools and you're getting these cravings.

Speaker A: Yeah, I won't lie. Cravings are there. The cravings are there. But it's just. It's just having a silver. A sober state of mind, kind of allowing me to, like, think through and think about it. I'm still having. I don't really think too much has changed as far as my urge to want to drink. I mean, I did take my. No tracks on, but regardless, still, there's. There's just periods of time during the daytime. I mean, could be something as simple as, you know, I got plenty of co workers. One in particular that I just recently had to hide his reels that I see on Facebook because it's like, every other day. Yeah. Either you got a picture of a liquor bottle, he's out at night at the bar, or he's just driving around smoking a blunt or whatever. Like, I see that. And every now and again, I'll think about it. Like, I'll just. It kind of puts me back because he works with me. So it just puts me back in that mindset to where when I was at work, like, I used to do the same thing. Like, there wasn't a single time that I was sober. Like, I was high or drunk on my way to work. I was drunk during work, I was drunk after work. Like, now that I'm even thinking about it, like, I can't believe I've never gotten a DUI before.

Speaker B: Yet. Yes, you're eligible, too.

Speaker A: Yeah. Yet I can't believe I've never gotten to DUI yet.

Speaker B: There you go.

Speaker A: It's like, literally, my daily commute when I'm going to work is 86 miles round trip. Like, and I think about that. That's a hell of a lot of driving to drive drunk and drive and be functionably drunk or be functionally sober enough to stay within your lane. Not veering out, not swerving. Like I just think back on all the times that I made those trips and I never got caught doing them. Now I'm just looking back on like I was really pressing my luck doing it.

Speaker B: You know what? Me too. You know what, this luck runs out eventually. That's the thing about luck is, you know, eventually.

Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I'm just not willing to. I just gotta count my blessings that, you know, it was a good run while I had it. But I don't know, I just feel like if I were to go back out to relapse, you know, who's to say I'd be the same type of drunk? You know, what if I started to press my 30th press the press my limits even more to the point to where now I'm drinking more now who's to say I'm going to be able to function at the same capacity as I was then?

Speaker B: Yeah, I mean there's also like zero tolerance when we pick up drinking the same amount. Like, like, I mean with, yeah, opiate users it's. I mean it's risky with alcoholics too but. Because you can die if you go back to trying to drink the same amount. But yeah, same with opiates. It's like, you know, overdose if you try using the same amount as before you got sober. But yeah, and you like the cravings, they, they will subside over time, you know. Know just one thing that I used a lot the first 30, 60 days was just not today. I'll pick up tomorrow.

Speaker A: Yep.

Speaker B: Like you know what, I really want to drink but I'm not gonna do it today because honestly it was my own ego driving me in early recovery. Like I just to prove it to myself. So I'm not going to do it today. Maybe tomorrow and tomorrow would come and then obviously I'm like, oh well that was stupid. So just not today.

Speaker A: Yeah, that never really worked for me. Like every time I try to set boundaries and course boundaries and limitations on myself, it's like I don't know why I felt like, I don't know, it felt like. And one of the things that was like a self defeating moment for me was like I started to realize like I can keep my word. It seems like I was able to show up, keep my word to those that I was trying to because I'm not going to say everyone. There were a few people to where like I'd say and I forget it, I was too drunk, I passed out or I forgot. But there would be those people to where I was so determined to try to impress or to keep my, my addiction at bay. To where I pretty much feel like I was willing to move earth in the sun to keep myself presented as in a stand up guy or whatever. But for the life of me, like that same effort and energy I could put towards keeping this, even if it was a fake image, this consistent image up to those certain people, like I couldn't do it for myself. Like I couldn't. When it came down to me trying to follow through and be consistent and you know, do what I say I'm gonna do with those people, it's like I couldn't do it for myself. Like I told myself that I was gonna do something or I set an expectation and it's like I could never meet my own heart. So I never for the life of me could understand that. I think that was just the defeating part. It was almost as if the whole idea, you know, people will say, you know, doing the right thing even when people aren't watching. It was almost like I needed somebody to physically watch me and be a witness that I'm keeping my word and being and having integrity. Otherwise it felt like it didn't matter. I thought to myself, well, nobody's watching, nobody cares. I can get away with it. I can do it on my own. It's like, you know, who cares if you said set expectations for yourself? You know, it doesn't really count because no one knows about it or no one's watching you. So I don't know, it was just weird and it was like, it was just, it was just, it just felt like the most, the biggest feeling of self defeat because like, I felt like I could never keep my. I can never keep my own word. I could never keep a word that I gave to myself. Like to save, to save my life. For. Like I would set goals, I wouldn't beat them. I would, you know, I would have expectations. I never meet up too. So it's just like I could not, I could never get it. I almost felt like, you know, I was. It almost felt like I was like I was a walking joke, for lack of better words. Like, like I was only existing to pill and to appease other people, but my own existence didn't matter. And partially then that was another reason why I would justify drinking. Because I got to the point where, where when I'm alone and there's nobody else to kind of, for lack of better words, fake it for, I started to pay more attention to myself and like just the idea of Thinking about myself, I started to become just disgusted with who I became. It's just like, I don't know. I would drink because of that, you know, I just became disgusted at who I've become. And even though I know that I was just discussing myself more and more, like, instead of doing something about it, I just would drink it off. And I would always tell myself, I'll work on that tomorrow. I'll work on it tomorrow. Let's just drink today. And then it's just like, I would always think to myself, when tomorrow comes, it'll be a fresh slate. I don't have anything to stress about, so I'll have a clear mind to work on whatever it is I need to work on. But whatever it is that I was getting today reappeared tomorrow. So it's like there was really never a fresh slate for me to start from. And the further I got into that habit, it was just terrible.

Speaker B: Now you got a clean slate.

Speaker A: Yeah.

Speaker B: So now you can work on setting those goals for yourself. As long as it's a smart goal.

Speaker A: I think the only thing right now that I really need to actually work on is my physical fitness. That's like, the only thing that I've been kind of slacking off about. I mean, I think everything else I've been making an effort to communicate more, like, I can't tell you how much I feel. Filled my notepad up in my phone. Like, every time I read, every time I feel an emotion, every time something goes on, like, so what I do now is like, I'll just. It's kind of like I have a. Like a. Not really a blackout session per se, as far as drinking, but it's just kind of like I'll just blindly express my emotions. Like, I'll just say the first thing I don't give myself. Like. Like a. A scripted thing. Say, like, I just express myself. And that way, then it's kind of like I'll refer back to it. Like, you know, whenever I start to calm down and come to my senses, just kind of like, now I'll just. I'll just like, look back to see, like, how do you. How did you feel? Like, what you did?

Speaker B: What.

Speaker A: What was triggering you? What was going on? And then I'll remind myself, like, dude, like, that makes no sense. But then another thing that I kind of compare that to is, like, whenever I get, like, the urge to drink or something, like, I'll refer back to whenever I made, like, a voice memo of something that I was bitching about that made no sense. And I said, well, you were pretty pissed off there, but you didn't drink. So if you could control your drinking after that situation, then keep that in mind to remind yourself that whatever it is, you feel it and whatever anger it is, it'll pass. Like, and you don't need alcohol to get through the situation. So that's kind of one of the things that I have gotten into the habit of doing.

Speaker B: Feelings aren't facts, right?

Speaker A: Yeah. And I definitely can be a pretty emotional when I get angry, upset about something. Like I said, it always passes. There's no predetermined, like, time frame as the way it'll pass. But you know, when you're in the midst of it, you're just, it's. You can't help but feel like never gonna go anywhere. Like, I'm always gonna feel like this, man. Whether it's a nap, hobby, Hong Kong, whatever it is, something happens to where it takes your mind off of it, and then you're kind of able to step outside of yourself and look back. Like, why the was I even letting that bother me.

Speaker B: Using that going forward? Like, I think I said this last week too, but like remembering, like, okay, is this gonna matter in a day, a week, a month, a year, 10 years? Like, what am I going to be stressing about this a week from now, even, or even a couple days?

Speaker A: No, it usually, it usually doesn't. Usually doesn't. That's the reason why it's easier for me to remember that now. It's fine because you let yourself get frustrated. You let, you let a 10, 15 minute situation that you frustrated to get dropped repeat the same cycle of insanity when instead of being defeated in 10, 15 minutes, you just added another. You've been patient and had another 20, 30 minutes on top of that to think it through. And you would have saved yourself, you know, long term disappointment, stress, anxiety, frustration, all that. So that's kind of what I think about. Like, I think, and it's the whole idea of sitting with the feeling of being uncomfortable because no, like within that 10, 15 minutes, I want to hurry up and get this level or this feeling of being uncomfortable. But then I'll remind myself, you know, if I act quickly and try to hurry up and alleviate that, I'm only gonna feel like later rather than I'd rather feel like now for another 30 minutes, thinking it through. And then the feeling of satisfaction oftentimes tends to last a lot longer than the feeling of regret. So that's kind of what I want to keep in mind. Like, I Said I'm still human. There's still. That bothers me. But like, I'd rather deal with it now and process it now for another 30 minutes or so. So. And have to get drunk, escape reality for a couple hours just for it to inevitably be in my future or I got to deal with it another time. So I kind of at least try.

Speaker B: To get short term versus long term consequences and feelings.

Speaker A: Yep, very much so. Very much so.

Speaker B: Did Chris get back to you?

Speaker A: Oh, yeah, she. Did I just say something about it? She said that there was another day she was scheduling it for. She got me down for 11:30 on Friday.

Speaker B: Okay, cool. So she actually accidentally put you down for that time? Sounds like.

Speaker A: Yeah, there's like three Zachs and not Al.

Speaker B: Yeah, let's see. I got you. And the other.

Speaker A: And then there's Zach Zer. The one. He's usually on virtual, though he's not fine.

Speaker B: Yeah, I got. I got here a couple Dax. Few, I think a few mats.

Speaker A: Yeah, there's a shitload of that. There's. There's a few Chris's. Yeah, a few mats and a few Zacks in our class.

Speaker B: I'm glad my name, like, even though it is, like semi common, it's not extremely common.

Speaker A: It's unique enough to where there's not too many cases running around, which is.

Speaker B: Weird because there's that front desk, Casey there out of Denver. She spells it differently, though. She spells it weird.

Speaker A: No, the other act still is exactly like mine. The only difference is he goes by Zachary and I. I like Zach. So that's kind of how Stacy. When we're in group together, Stacy differentiates. She calls him Zachary. She calls me that.

Speaker B: There were two Brandons on group Saturday. I'm just like, I'll just go by last names, make my life a lot easier.

Speaker A: Every time she says Zach group. Between me, Zach on virtual, and Zach in person, we're like, which one? That's too vague of a. That's too vague of a request.

Speaker B: All right. So how you feeling.

Speaker A: Overall Pretty good. I mean, aside from cravings. That's like minor. The major thing is, like, knowing that I didn't let them get. Get the best of me. I didn't get into them, so I'd say pretty accomplished.

Speaker B: Do the cravings, do they. Is there a pattern for when they happen typically or.

Speaker A: No, like, lately it's just been sporadic, you know, like I said, I. Like I was at a point to where I was used to just binge drinking all day. Like, I have no reason whatsoever to get drunk. It's just. I don't know what to do. Just I'm so used to being in a constant state of blackout to where the idea of coming back to reality and having normalcy in my life just felt so uncomfortable, like it made my skin crawl. So, like, not all the times it's, like, provoked, like there's something that's causing a craving. Except half the time it's just the darkness pops in my head, hey, you know what? Now would be a good time to get drunk. Or, you know, I bet you. I bet you'd be able to do this a lot better if you were drunk. Or, you know, just kind of having flashbacks on my old routines and old habits of, you know, just having a hard time adjusting from, you know, actually occupying my time with doing something else. Because I know what my normal habit would be like. If I cut myself in between, like, having downtime from, you know, not doing anything, then I find myself just wanting to fill that time with getting drunk. Which is one of the reasons why now I try my best to kind of stay engaged with stuff. You know, whether it's something as simple as, you know, watching a podcast, going outside, shoveling snow, you know, having frequent tops, and my mom, my sponsor, my brother, it helps me specifically with reaching out to people because I was more prone to drink when I isolated. You know, my mom would call me, my brother would call me. It's just like, I constantly find myself declining that call because I don't want to hear them, you know, in a drunken stupor. So now it's kind of like, well, they're already aware that I drink. Now they're probably aware, like, signs, and I'm listening out for slurs and like that. So that kind of also helps me being held accountable because now it's like, I engage with them more often. Looks like I'm more aware that I'm like, I don't wanna. I don't want them to catch me drunk again. So it's like the trade off is the more I open up and continue to. Not isolated, to reach out, to reach out to people. I'm conscious that I don't want to be drunk in the middle of doing that. So I'm not occupying my time with engaging with other people rather than isolating, spending time with my daughter, enjoying the idea of the fact that sobriety allows me to be more present in the moment. Or, you know, I. I'll go to a meeting at night, and it's just like, even if I can't readily express How I feel. It's just comforting to kind of hear somebody else talk about it. Because even if I. I've kind of got my scrambled in my head, you know, hearing somebody else talk kind of helps me connect the dot and kind of make sense of my feeling. So, yeah, for the most part. To sum it up, like, the. The cravings are still sporadic. Like they're not always provoked. But the way that I combat that is just. I don't know, it's like I kind of made a habit of doing a lot of the. That I typically avoided to get dropped in the first place.

Speaker B: Yeah. You feel like it will get easier with time and maybe as you progress through this time steps too. I feel like, yeah, the first six months, honestly, are the hardest. Regarding cravings, at least.

Speaker A: Oh, yeah.

Speaker B: Yeah. After about a year, you gotta start addressing the emotional sobriety, which I'm still working on at six and a half years sober now. That's the part. Yeah. I love it. I love talking about my feelings. I'm being sarcastic. I hate talking about feelings.

Speaker A: I don't think I like it. I don't think I like it. But I've learned to deal with it, though. I've learned it's not. It's. Even though I know I don't like it. Like, the more I've gotten into a routine of doing it, I'm kind of seeing, you know, the bigger picture benefit of what it feels like dealing with my emotions externally versus internalized.

Speaker B: Yeah.

Speaker A: Even though I don't. Even if I. It makes my skin crawl and sit here and be vulnerable and talk to somebody about something, I remind myself, even if it's just been within 60 days and I've kind of been developing and it's still relatively new, it's like I kind of look back and think on it. Like, dude, every time you talk about something and you kind of, you know, break yourself free of being. Letting you or being trapped by the thought of your feelings. Like, in a sense, it kind of like you. It's like a breath of fresh air. Like a weight off my shoulders. So even if I sometimes don't want to talk about something or makes me uncomfortable. Like pros and cons. Like, the pro is, you know, like it's one less thing that you have. It's one less thing that you have to carry the weight off of. You know, sure, there may be a conduit. You may feel embarrassed or persecuted or judged or whatever, but you know, the feeling of letting it out there and talking about it and, you know, maybe Getting some other input on it, you know, because a lot of the times, you know, I feel like I'm setting this move, like there's nothing anybody could say or do to help change the way I feel. But that was just because I automatically assumed that I was alone in that building. But then the more I started talking about it, you know, engaging with people, dude, you're going through the same. I feel better, you know, so it just. I don't know, I just kind of think to myself how it's not so bad to, you know, sit in the feeling of being uncomfortable. Like, it's not as bad as you think it is. May not want to be vulnerable, but, you know, is. Is it worth beating yourself up on the inside, keeping it in versus feeling uncomfortable for 10, 15, 20 minutes and getting it out there and feeling better? When I think about it, like, I'd rather not feel like.

Speaker B: And, you know, a lot of times when we do things outside of our comfort zone, it also feels good because you're like, oh, my God, I actually did the thing that was uncomfortable. Look at me growing and. Yeah, definitely.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Huh. So, yeah, vulnerability, it's not. I mean, it's like almost like a little superpowers, like, you know, being vulnerable, opening ourselves up to things.

Speaker A: So.

Speaker B: Let me look at Matthew's schedule.

Speaker A: I do have. I do want to ask, though. So is it just Stacy or certain people that are able to do the UDS drug test? Or can anybody do anybody? So is there any way that you could do mine when we get down here? Because I'm thinking about it. I gotta really use the bathroom. It's getting closer to end of Iop, and I don't want to have to sit here for an extra hour or two having to use bathroom as well.

Speaker B: Yeah, we can do it. All right, let's see.

Speaker A: I'll just take a couple of drags off of my cigarette and come in. But I really want to get that off. I really want to get that it.

Speaker B: So do you want to see him this week or next week?

Speaker A: This week we work.

Speaker B: Okay, because if I put him with you on Friday and if you guys do weekly, these will be again on the 12th. So that should be good for your review by the 15th.

Speaker A: Well, what time would it be on Friday? You know, I meet with Chris at 11:30 on Friday.

Speaker B: He. He has 10:30.

Speaker A: Okay, so that works. So they'll kind of run back to back.

Speaker B: 10:30 on the fifth. And I will. I'm not going anywhere. So I will still always be here if you need to talk to. It goes without saying, but.

Speaker A: You still see sporadic, random emails for me. You're probably thinking, why doesn't he talk to Matt? That's because I'm probably still used to talking to you.

Speaker B: I mean, that's fine. We can. I mean, I can. I can slowly start gluing Matthew in, you know, but, yeah, I'll tell him everything, you know, that we're working on, so, you know, you guys can continue the work. Nothing I wouldn't love to continue. I wish. But, you know, here, in, like, maybe year and a half, I'll be able to. Or just hoping.

Speaker A: All right.

Speaker B: Anything else going on? Anything I can do for you. To step out for a quick minute?

Speaker A: Yeah.